[Music]
After over 5 years, we now bring you the second
video interview with James Casbolt. In bases 4,
Casmolt expanded on Barry King's material,
first released in bases 1 and two. King talked
about generated life forms, horrendous
mind and population control programs,
mannequin and puppet master, all going on in
Britain's Barkshire countryside at a base under
the village of Peasmore. Casbolt highlighted
even more horrific programs involving children,
genetic experimentation, and further terrifying
details. And even a base under parliament itself
called CLC1. In bases two and four, a further
witness, Matt Todd, gave us even more detail
with the involvement of the US military in
the abductions or myabs and how he killed four
grays at a base where people's souls were kept in
cages. Bases 7 gave a super soldier Dave Maro and
his trauma-induced monarch programming. Selected
at birth and trained to fight off planet. Perhaps
M. Todd demonstrated radio signals coming from
his many implants. The existence of some other
form of dimensional reality and a war with super
beings is implied. So now in bases 9, we present
Michael Prince aka James Casbolt. This time the SS
comes into focus and the nightmare continues. That
is if any of these claims can ever be proved with
factual evidential data. James Casbold. [Music]
James, we met in a previous persona as James on
previous edition of u the basis. You've got a
different persona now or you've got two different
um ways you portray yourself to the public. Can
you explain what the difference is or why you've
changed or has there been a change? Michael Prince
James Castle. It's just a simple matter of I'm
using the name of my birth name Michael Prince.
It's a name I was given at birth by my biological
mother. So, so where what's the story of the
Casbold story? Um, that was a family I was adopted
into the Casbolt family. Yeah. So um that was
um 81. Yeah. I need to go back to the beginning
when I was a baby. the origins of project Ibis. Um
it was the name of the project I was um involved
in uh or born into effectively um was named
project Ibis and it was run by the NSA and MI6
and um it was it was um tracking of 42 children
from different countries and um all those children
were brought to a facility in Canada in the Rocky
Mountains um underneath a small town called Nelson
and what what countries why were they selected?
Um, according to the file information I've seen,
they were se selected for cuz their DNA the
um the NSA information I've seen um says
that we have what they call blood prime which
um it states anunnaki DNA. What is blood prime?
What's what specifically are the differences? I
think it's a type of alien DNA, human um alien
hybrid. Is there any particular recess negative,
positive or anything like that? Um I think it
there's that the recess negative factor in it. I
think the the only negative factor. Yeah. So that
how are the ch children selected as such? I mean
does that mean there's some means of selecting
is it from different you know at birth other
people's bloodline medical records I think the
mothers were um selected and um the embryos were
cloned embryos grown in a artificial environment
um test tube babies and I think those from my
understanding those um embryos were then implanted
into specific women who gave birth And then at the
time of birth, the children were transported to
the um underground facility in Nelson in Canada.
The name of that facility was a Q552. Where's
Nelson? Is it in Matoma or Winnipeg somewhere?
That's a small town in the Rocky Mountains.
It's inh British Columbia in Canada. um that
so we were all taken there at the time of birth.
Some some from America, I think. Um there was some
from South America obviously, some from the
UK. Um I don't know who the other 42 children
are. I've got a rough idea now. Why 42? I don't
know. Is it just just that's what the sample was?
There's no significance in it. I don't know.
I'm sure there's significance in it somewhere,
but I don't have that information. Many of the
children were transported on private CIA jets,
small small jets or just just like Leah jets.
Yeah. And um transported there. Um so what's the
program? What specifically is the purpose of it?
There's a lot of effort being put into this then.
Why? Um project IBIS is again the Nazi connection.
The name comes from the um the Giza Intelligence
Group underneath the Giza pyramids, the Nazi group
in World War II. What Nazi group is this? Um it's
known as the Giza Intelligence. The Nazi group.
Which part of the Giza plateau were they involved
with? I don't know. I just know they were um based
underneath the Giza pyramids. It was a facility,
the Nazis in World War II. And um the name
connects to Thoth, the um the immortal,
the Egyptian. His um some connection with an ibis
bird would represent Thoth in Egypt. Now what are
they were they trying to find in Egypt or what
did they find in Egypt? I think they found some
kind of life extension technology and this was
effectively that this was a major part of the
IBIS program was life extension regeneration.
Is there is there some kind of chamber that you
could mention or any any particular area? Yeah,
there's the emerald chambers. The emerald the or
the emerald rooms, but I think that is that's in
more than one location. Um I'd rather not talk
too much about the emerald rooms. I'd rather just
focus um because it's such a complex subject. It's
um is this to do with the storage of souls on
the earth and the recreation on earth? This is
very much physical um this is they at the um Q552
we were being indoctrinated with Nazi principles
um Germanic principles um were you indoctrinated
by Nazis? Yeah, it was Nazi. It wasn't just Nazis
there, but there was a big Nazi presence. Um, some
of the philosophies were indoctrinated with there.
Um, you see those philosophies in um, Germanic
organizations to this day like the Odinist
Fellowship in this country. Um, the philosophies
are based around obviously the creation of an
Uber man, a superman. But, um, they see life on
Earth as a means to an end. They're not trying
to get somewhere else. They're not trying to get
to heaven or another planet. They want to become
physically immortal in this body on this earth
and stay here. Now um we're also indoctrinated
with the the Germanic belief in um endless
warfare. Um is that would be our reality once
we stayed here physically. We um our reality would
be endless warfare and there'd be periods of rest.
You need to maybe reorganize the the logistics
or um they talked about the thousand-year Reich,
a thousand years of peace. Um which would be
periods of rest in between the warfare and then it
would just be a continuous cycle. And um that was
effectively um how they had indoctrinated us to
be assassins when we were older so we could keep
functioning. If we were concerned about the next
um hit and had anxiety about that we wouldn't
be able to carry out and function. But if in our
mindset if we believe that we were designed
for endless warfare and it would never stop
um we would just accept that and be able and be
relaxed when we were involved in assassination.
Now what kind of assassination or what kind of
missions are we are we talking about here? Um
this is in numerous countries. um many different
ways. So it's it's um is it I mean we are we sort
of going and doing a one two three bump somebody
off or or just just that different types of of
assassination? Um a lot of it was standard um
gunplay. Um I mean that that came later on down
the road obviously we were actually raised
in this facility as babies. So from 1976 to
1979 we were raised in this base. Um the where
it was in the mountains um it was underground
but there was um it was above ground the main
entrance. It was like an aircraft hanger and
um what kind of general area are we talking
about? What can you describe in it? It's in
the mountains. It's um it's a very private
location near Nelson. Just near Nelson in
the mountains. Would there be a mountain
name you could name? It's near I think it
I'm not sure the mountain name. I know that
there's a um a logging compound nearby and
there's an old um access route near the logging
compound that actually takes you to the base in
the mountain and Nelson's a very small town. Um
again the above ground um section of it was a
aircraft hanger and um when we were first brought
there as B is it a is it got a runway and landing
place or um it's fenced off high fences and
um it has yeah it has a runway in front of
the aircraft hanger if you come in but the um the
aircraft hanger sits or fenced around the runways
here and the aircraft hangers here. Yeah, it's
quite a big building. Um but as babies we were
um we slept in the aircraft hanger often
because um it was essentially a trauma
center. So they wanted us to be exposed to the
cold and there was um sets of cops in there.
So this is high up I mean a couple of thousand
feet up high the Rocky Mountain very high. Um
it's near B National Park right where um so they
we were kind of being exposed to the elements
essentially. We slept there um in the aircraft
hang with the doors open and there was rows of
CS and we were under 24-hour armed guard all
at all times. So we couldn't be rescued from
that facility because there were factions there
that would rescue us at the first opportunity.
The people that like the parents or or the well
special forces groups um people that guarded us
were they wore um they wore black uniforms. um
some and they wore black masks, but sometimes they
wore the um ultramodern SS uniform, which what?
It's um it's kind of like your standard SAS Black
Ops uniform. Um it's black boots, black trousers,
black top, but the um it has chest plates and
there's leather around the arms and it has the
um SS double rune. Yeah. The the SS symbol. And
um so that's a modern uniform. When you're saying
a modern uniform, you're talking about post World
War II. Yeah. This is the the the modern SS
uniform. So getting back to this SS uniform,
I think what era are we talking about? '7s.
This was 1976 and we were first taken there
as babies. So that means that the that's the SS
wearing those uniforms in Canada. So they must
have authority to do so. um there was some kind of
internal war going on in the military and in the
intelligence community. So is this this is um are
you saying this is therefore a Nazi organization
that's that's doing this? Um yeah. Yeah. So by by
inference it means that the connections with AL499
and the other places in the UK must be essentially
under Nazi control or is that NSA control? Well,
this is it. You see, there's a big Nazi element
within the NSA because this was a officially an
NSA facility, the Q552 at Nelson. This was a NSA
base officially, the Q552 facility at Nelson. Now,
um, there's a there's a major Nazi element within
the NSA. So, that essentially is saying that the
NSA is a Nazi organization and a survivor
organization from World War II. Um, yeah,
I'd say that's a fairly accurate statement. So, de
facto World War II was won by the by the Nazis. I
wouldn't say they won, but I wouldn't say they
lost either. It survived. Survived. Yeah. In
an underground fashion. If the NSA is essentially
protecting the Nazis or the Nazis are running the
NSA. Yeah. Is is that what you're you're saying?
Um I'd say that the Nazis faction is running MI6.
Um just to go off topic slightly before I carry
on about what happened at the AL um Q552. Um,
my main contact in MI6, um, he's a director of
special operations, a man named Alfred Bonner. Um,
is this your current contact or was your contact?
He's been my contact for years and he's my current
contact. I've carried out many assassinations
under his instructions. Um, so you're saying
this publicly? Is this um he's not he's not
publicly known but people can contact MI6 and
ask to speak to director Bonner you can contact
MI6 on the website the phone number and MI6 will
admit they do have a director Bonner there so
what is the function of of telling us about
this now is are they inviting people to to ask
those questions or do they want that information
out they want this information out they want this
information out um Alfred Bonner he's from Bavaria
um in German effectively. He's um he you see him
very interesting looking man. Um you your classic
Aryan giant. The guy's 6'6. Um looks about
52. Huge guy. Yeah. Massive shoulders. Um,
very blonde hair going almost white now cuz he's
getting a bit older. Um, wears your classic MIB
outfit. The fedora hat. That's his style of dress.
Where's the fedora hat, black suit, um, piercing
blue eyes, has a scar down his left side. That's
from the officer class from fighting. I'm not sure
where he got the scar. Um, this guy amazing guy.
It's a characteristic of German upper class used
to have a a scar. That's interesting. From sword
fighting. It's interesting you say that. I didn't
know that. Um, very interesting character. He um
from Bavaria, close friends with Henry Kissinger
or Henry Kisser also from Bavaria. He seems to
have an amazing ability to stay young and healthy,
relatively speaking. Um, Alfred Bonner was the
director of uh, security at Dulce at the time
of the Doulie rescue. And now there's been a book
published by Pilington, I think it is. Um, I could
start correcting saying the whole Dolce thing
is a fraud. They've stuck bits on the mountain
to make it look as if what's going on. No, Duly is
real. Dolce is 100% there. So, I mean, why do you
think there'd be elements within MI5 publishing
books, saying this stuff's wrong and it's shadows
and it's it's a it's a wrong? I'm not really
interested in the whole recent book has been
published. Um, you know, I'm not really interested
in all that. It's I know it's Dulce is real. It's
um it's a important place for the new world order.
So, what's what's the function of Dulce? I mean,
we've heard certain underground things that which
were released in the late '7s. Is there anything
new about it? Is it current? I don't I've got a
friend um in the CIA works at Oakidge National
Laboratories in Tennessee and he often works
down at Dulce. Um I mean he sent me pictures
of the first level got color photographs and
it's not really the first level isn't high tech.
It's kind of just a damp old base, you know, like
sort of it's a bit run down the first level. Not
what you'd expect to see at all. The old elevator
shafts and things. Are you able to provide those
pictures at all? Yeah, I can. I've um I think they
were released on Project Avalon a couple of years
back, right? I can show you those pictures. Um,
you know, but when you go down the levels, it does
get more advanced down there. It's a essentially
um Have you been down to those levels or have you
been shown them? Um there is connections with um
IBS and Dulce Douli is essentially a um officially
it's a psychiatry center. Um they when the um
employees walk around the facility, there's
certain sections with um people in like hospital
rooms with um almost like prison rooms in a way,
but not with bars, like um plastic windows,
you know, thick plastic and uh you know, you
have people there in hospital gowns and um sitting
on their beds and it it the the briefing is that
they're um incurably insane. pain and that they're
doing high-risk um drug treatments on the insane
and it's actually a top secret um psychiatry
facility. That's what they're first told when
they go in there. So uh and then they they never
come out these people. Yeah. Um I think a lot of
them don't come out. There's um as you go the hall
these particular hallways um at Dulce these rooms
in um the corridor curved round and every kind
of 12 rooms you have an operating theater. These
people taken out as operating theaters there.
And uh the Q552 facility in Canada in Nelson was
um there was a lot of uh Nazi psychiatry um
conditioning going on there. What sort of
what are you talking about conditioning? Well,
for instance um at the facility they were um it
was essentially a trauma center. Now they did a
lot of conditioning with us with wild animals and
what they were doing there they they used um
Canadian wolves, they used snakes, they used
um cats, wild cats and tigers and things. Um they
were giving us the attributes of wild animals. Um
they were subjecting us to um um for when we were
older um for all terrain warfare, jungle warfare,
artic warfare. So we had the attributes of wild
animals. How do you get the attribute of a wild
animal? They used um they set up I think it was
a second level down at the Q552. Um they set up a
kind of pen um about 30 ft 30 ft wide. Um they set
up a this pen they put the babies in the pen and
um they put wild animals in the pen. They might
put snakes in there or you know wolves. Only
one type of animal at a time. They didn't
mix the animals. It was always one type.
Now this um pen was very similar to a Skinner box
they use in psychiatry. Skinner box. A Skinner
box is um famous psychiatrist Skinner. I forget
his first name. Um he would he designed this box
and he they put babies in it and they put animals
in with the babies and they were doing cognitive
behavior test. See, now the babies would react to
the animals and um they would in this partic this
this particular device um they put us in there and
they set up screens in the corners of the pen and
uh people's the people's faces would be put on
the screens um enlarged and uh the faces would
call us and get our attention. We'd look and the
faces would start talking to us people and then
uh the faces would look like they were um changing
into uh half human, half whatever the animal was.
So if it was a snake, if they were putting snakes
in the pen, this the the person talking would
um start talking to us and then his face would
change into half human, half snake lizard and
um they George Bush senior was the main um
handler of that particular uh facility and um
his face would often come on the screen and talk
to us and He would do the very much the rep the
reptile with the snakes. That would be his area.
Was that something that was done on a recorded
type of a level or was it he did it personally?
He was on the screen. I'm not sure if he was that
he was there sometimes physically but I mean the
guy travels all around the world to all different
bases. He's a major programmer so I don't know he
could have been over the other side of the world.
Um and he would come on and um Is this something
that you experienced directly? This Yeah,
I I saw him. He used to talk to us, talk to me.
And u And what age were you when this happened?
I was this was 76. I was a baby. Yeah. And this,
you know, this carried on. I spent from 76 to 79
there and grew up there. Um the uh Queen Mother
as well, she was a programmer there. She would
um her face would be flashed on the screen, but
her specialtity was wolves. Whenever they put the
walls in with us, um she would come on and she'd
talk to us and um she would start to change into
halfwoman, half wolf like face on the screen. Was
this done by some kind of electronic video effect
or I don't know. I don't know. Um, can you name
any other animals associated with different other
people? Um, the only ones I remember is um George
Brcina with snakes and the queen mother with
um wolves. It's the place was very dark. I'm still
starting to it's difficult to remember everything
that happened there. Still coming back in bits and
pieces. Um, I remember being put in the pen and
um toy the group of babies and um there were toys
put in and um one of the babies um took a toy off
another baby and the um the little baby turned
around and hissed at the other child like a snake
and his face sort of went like a snake. So we this
was absorbed into them psychologically. Yeah. Into
their psyche. Yeah. And with the DNA anyway that
an anarchy DNA that the NSA were looking for.
[Music] In part one, we heard how Michael
Prince is the birth name for James Casbolt
and how he was taken to a base in Canada near
the small mountain town of Nelson in British
Columbia for cyborg enhancement as mind control
children selected by their specific blood types
on how they were exposed to the open cold night
in a large aircraft style hanger to sort out the
men from the boys just as in ancient Sparta.
then guarded by Nazi SS troops in modern tight
uniforms in the late 1970s. Michael sent this
scan of one of his security clearances. However,
in earlier images he sent claiming to be at
the Dulce base, this could be anywhere. So,
if anyone really knows what these forms refer
to, please contact melblue yonder.co.uk.
What age were you when this happened? I was a This
was 76. I was a baby. Yeah. And this, you know,
this carried on. I spent from 76 to 79 there and
grew up there. Um the uh queen mother as well,
she was a programmer there. She would um her
face would be flashed on the screen, but her
specialtity was wolves. whenever they put the
walls in with us, um, she would come on and she'd
talk to us and, um, she would start to change into
half woman, half wolf like face on the screen. Was
this done by some kind of electronic video effect
or I don't know. I don't know. Um, can you name
any other animals associated with different other
people? Um, the only ones I remember is um George
Brcina with snakes and the queen mother with um
wolves. It's the place was very dark. I'm still
starting to It's difficult to remember everything
that happened there. It's still coming back in
bits and pieces. Um, I remember being put in
the pen and um toy this group of babies and
um there were toys put in and um one of the
babies um took a toy off another baby and the
um the little baby turned around and hissed at the
other child like a snake and his face sort of went
like a snake. So weird that this was absorbed into
them psychologically or Yeah. into their psyche.
Yeah. And with the DNA anyway, the Anunnaki DNA
that the NSA were looking for. So explain to
the Anunnaki are I mean there's lots of different
versions or different things about the Anunnaki.
What is this kind of Anunnaki or precisely
that I mean that term's banded around a lot. Um
our group was there were Germanic roots Aryan
roots which I would say connects to al deon in
the plleades. So I think anunnaki I think is a
Sumerian word that just means visitors from the
stars or something like that. So I think
in our particular group our heritage was
um I mean we discussed this before in the last
interview I think um you know it goes back to
France, Germany, Bavaria, Greece in the Middle
East goes back and um does he do Egypt to Yeah.
connections with Egypt? Yeah. The tribe of
Dan and Kaish. Yeah, definitely. So that's
this is a white race of a white Germanic well
Aryan race. And I don't mean just blondhaired.
So we were we were being um conditioned every
day and um into what what function? Um assassins
mainly. assassins. Um there was, you know, there
psychic things, remote viewing and that, but it's
mainly assassins. Um physical soldiers, this is
why they wanted the all terrain attributes. Um so
just basic soldiering, not basic soldiering, um
specific operations such as um crash retrieval,
hunting, um tracking, aliens, what kind of crash
retrieval? um ships that were shot down from alien
creatures. So, you were specifically dealing with
the crashed retrieval of non-human craft. Yeah,
that came later. There was many of them um
tracking um alien entities through jungle terrain,
desert terrains, almost smelling them, almost
picking up this scent like a even though to the
average person made these aliens would appear
human. Uh would you would you There was all
different types. We trapped all different types.
There was a wolf type of being a bipedal humanoid
wolf that like a Bigfoot. We trapped those
creatures. So we trapped those. Were they were
they people indigenous to Earth or were they um
were they walking like through the dimensional or
No, these were physical creatures that physically
traveled in ships. There was a landing zone in
um there was an NSA facility on the island of
Panang. dense um the looking glass facility,
dense jungle coverage, um regular physical
landing, the ships will come down there. Some
of these wolf beings. Did you ever see the the
ships or uh Yeah. Yeah, I saw the ships that came
later in the early '8s. Um if I just can stick
to this what happened in Canada and um so we're
being conditioned there and um essentially
being tortured. It was a trauma center. So,
um, how did the conditioning function? What
happened when you were conditioned? What was
done? Um, well, they terrorize us. They'd um
I remember um they'd the guards, these S SS um
uniform guys would um they they brought a a huge
snake into the um pen one day and I think this
was some kind of anaconda from South America. You
know, it took like three or four of them to carry
it in. This was huge. They put that in and uh I
remember a young young girl there was involved in
the program in something about 18 years old and
um they fed someone to the snake in front of us
alive. Yeah. Yeah. It's difficult to for me
to look at the memory and look at the person,
but I know someone was in the same way that
we'd feed their live rats to snakes. Yeah. Watch
live mice. Yeah. Yeah. And was this what was the
function of this? Um I think they break us down,
terrorize us to control us. I saw a lot
of that stuff. saw a lot of um people and
um later on I saw a young girl thrown in a cage
with a wolf and um like torn to pieces and that
was that was in England later on. Um what
part of England? Barkshire. Barkshire A499.
it. We had to be under armed guard 24 hours
a day at the Q552 um because it was um there
was groups apparently that wanted to rescue us
from that cuz it's not you know if you didn't
know that did you find out later. Yeah. Um
so they're not definitely not all powerful
or anything like that. Definitely. It wasn't
like a um impenetrable facility. You know,
a lot of these facilities aren't. You can get
in them if you really want. Yeah. Um and boss
people out if you really want. Um we were we got
to 1979 now and we've been raised there for those
years between 76 and 79. And um we were all um
put in SUVs, convoy of them to be driven down
to another base in America. Uh Dulce Dica. Yeah.
Being driven transported down to there in a in a
convoy. And um I remember we hadn't got that
far out the base. I think we're still in the
mountains and the helicopter seemed to come out
of nowhere. um small small special forces group um
came out and there was a shootout and um some
of the guards shot the children. Some of the
SS guards shot the children before they could be
rescued. some of their children, but most of us
were um rescued and we were brought to a building
in Toronto, like a um just it was large building,
a skyscraper. Yeah. We were brought there
to an underground car park there and the
top level of the facility was um near Young
Street or I don't know where it was. Um,
I've got I could try and find out, but I'm not
exactly sure. But I know it was in Toronto and
um we were mean Toronto or I don't I know the
area that well. I just know it was um there was
a lot of skyscrapers there and this was uh one
very tall building. Um we're in the top level of
the building. you look out across the whole area
in it and um how many of them were you were you
um that when we got to the um building in
Toronto and we we stayed there for a few
weeks I remember sitting in a room we used to
sit in classrooms together there um 15 20 of us
yeah about that so the the group that rescued
us were based around com 12 uh in Majestic
What's COM 12? COM 12 is a group
centered around US naval intelligence,
but it's actually a majestic group. Um, the
I'm I'm in contact with one of the men who
rescued us in America in 79, but I can't say
too much about him at the moment. Right. Um,
again another Germanic character. We're seeing
really that this Nazi control Germanic control
is is very much in in control or are they
tolerated within the organization? Well,
there's good there's good and bad in this faction.
I mean, there's this there's a whole Germanic
faction which um fighting against the people doing
all this evil in the So what do what do we have
that what are the two basic good guys bad guys
okay that who are the bad guys so to speak and
what is their aim and what's their function
and what's the purpose of all I can't simply
separate into two factions we don't um we we run
on survival dynamics what I mean by that is we we
it's about the survival of ourselves survivors
of our families survival of the organization
ations we work in in our race. Um that's how we
can understand. We don't believe in good or bad.
So ultimately the good and bad side is essentially
you're surviving. It's us surviving but then it's
not just us surviving. We work on all the survival
dynamics. Whereas if um we if a person is abusing
children they're working against the survival
dynamics. They're our enemy. Right? So this is
how we can operate. But we have to have lines and
boundaries or else we we we won't know who's who
and we won't feel righteous and justified to take
military action which we do on a regular basis.
We went through operations there. There were
surgeons there and um what was the function
of those because they um the surgeons cut
us open and found um cybernetics inside us.
Um so they'd at the Q552 they'd slowly been
um cybernating us through with surgery and um
essentially creating a cyborg soldier. Now, um
these the surgeons at the the um place in Toronto,
they they cut us open and apparently they
they were like, "What a mess." You know,
this is and they tried and they were thinking
about trying to remove it. But then it it turned
out that this um technology would integrated into
us. It couldn't be removed. It was actually a
natural part of our bodies. Now um this can is
it detectable in any way? Um, I'm sure it is.
I'm sure it is. All right. So, are you saying that
we could somehow if we booked the relevant place,
we could check out your cyborgs? If you went
to one of those scanners in the airports,
would they see it? Um, you know, the new
scanners. Yeah, that's interesting. Apparently,
um, the bone is a type of metal that um I'm not
a scientist, but it's something to do with being
off the periodical chart. It's not a um a metal
that's known to man, so it won't set off standard
metal detectors. I've been told the closest um
thing we can compare it to on this planet is
is a mixture of gold and diamond. It's extremely
hard. So I um So you don't know how that how that
works technically. Um there's apparently
that that's the the bone and then there's
um a small layer of kind of mechanical armor built
around that bone to reinforce it further. And um
is it got a grown? Apparently that is put in by
some uh it's nanotechnology. this all mechanical
armor around the bone. The bone itself is
apparently metal. This type of metal and
um it's built in nanotechnology that
is apparently they put some like worms
or something in you metallic worms and
they lay eggs something like that and
it it builds it. Is there a process
name there? there was any kind of I
think it's connected to the pro name of the
Osiris program um the Proteus program um
right is there anywhere we could look that
up is there any documentation we
could look at that not really no
um I mean I've got I've got information from
NSA databases is but it's not documentation.
Yeah. So this stuff you could look up on the
internet as such. This is this stuff's never
been talked about again. They they they're slowly
cybernating these soldiers. What's the program
name involved with that or where is it happening?
How's it happening in other facilities? He started
um the umbrella project of Ibis with numerous
projects in that umbrella including mannequin. Um
so yeah they wanted to these surgeons wanted
to remove it cuz they didn't understand it.
So by removing it would it cause more damage
so they have to leave it. This is stuff had
integrated into us. So they actually classified a
new life form. The scientists after that they they
um classified us they they called it ascended we
were ascended machine technology. Ascended machine
machine technology um essentially a cyborg with a
soul and they developed a new law um of robotics
around us a new science around us. Does this
develop onto the secret soldier program? Yeah,
because they wanted to do things like they wanted
to uh jump out of a plane without a parachute and
land in the jungle in the sea or in the jungle,
run 40 miles through the jungle and then um take
out your target and be picked up. Are you able
to develop anything more on on that story? Well,
this I mean this came later, all these operations.
Um what do you mean by later in the 80s? Well,
there's so many. I mean, the operation in
Malaysia, for instance, that was a jungle
warfare operation. Which operation in Malaysia?
In Malaysia on the island of Panang. This was um
and on what grounds and what type of
military action are you talking about? um the
lethal action assassinations where we're
having to take the fight to them. Um and
who is them? Where would they be? Well, okay.
You're going to you want you you want names?
So you want something? Okay. We 2007 myself
and another individual um drove up to London.
Um we travel to South London. Um around
the elephant and castle area. Now, um we
a an SUV pulled up with um MI6 operatives
in there. We were given a briefcase. Um the
briefcase had the pistol that I've used for
years um for assassinations, which is a 9 mm
Smith and Wesson with a pearl handle and has a
symbol of a black dragon on the handle. And I
I call that gun Drago. And um we were given that
briefcase with that um pistol. There were these um
small devices in there cubes which um kind of
artifact very old pieces of hardware. Um what
do you mean by old? You talking about ancient
technology? I think it's Egyptian connection.
Maybe thousands of years maybe older. Very old.
um what's like little puzzle boxes, small cubes,
a bit like a Rubik's cube, bit of metal around
the side and engravings and they're they're simply
you you hold them in front of your certain energy
centers and you can focus your brain waves through
them. So yeah, if you have um so are you saying
that the handles of the gum or the the crystals
are have a signature to use so you can only
use it? Yeah, that's right. The um Drago only
I can use. I mean Dre Drago has alien technology
incorporated into it has special types of bullets
that have been So it's not it's an ordinary bang
bang gun. No, it has um special type of bullets
that have engravings on them on the bullets
and a special type of metal because when you
um So you are shooting a a different type of
being. Um, if you not shooting an old person,
if if you're going to shoot an enhanced soldier or
intelligence operative, a Glock 17 is not going to
do it. I mean, it's the the the the chest plates
reinforced. The slug won't go through it or the
um organs are protected. So, is the bullet
essentially got a form of nanotechnology on
it that breaks the structure of whatever
it's hitting? I think so. And there's um
there's some occult um aspect to this with the
engravings on they're um apparently these bullets
are blessed but it's something to do with the
Vatican and they um this is brings a new meaning
to the term Vatican assassin. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so
is it designed to go through some kind of psychic
shielding of some description? It's both. It's
physical and the psychic sort of go right through
some kind of thought based force field. Yeah,
exactly. And that's where the engrave ends and the
they're blessed by the Vatican. It's nice to know
the Vatican are blessing us both other beings. So,
so you would so that by definition are you saying
that the reason why you guys have been modified
bone into being is because these other enhanced
beings are running around the place or land or
alien or extradimensional beings or what? The
these are the same terrestrial. No, these are
the same human cyborgs. Um the same people
who are raised in these bases. These are our
counterparts. We're all the same team. So you're
essentially these are our dark counterparts who
we're waring against and that's because they've
been programmed by them by these SS people. Um
we've all been programmed by the SS people but we
managed to bust out of it but you didn't. That's
the difference. So they've had their programming
fully enhanced to a certain level and then you've
had your programming enhanced to to try to to to
destroy these other people. Basically, it's an
internal war. Yeah. And when we um the particular
guy we assassinated on that night, his name was
um was Dixon Ramy, not his real name, top um
MI6 operative. I think we got Yeah, you wanted
to know some of the details about this internal
assassin war. Um Dixon Ramy, not his real name.
um an MI6 mind control handler was my handler
in the early '9s and um the handler of many
prostitutes, many mind control prostitutes. Um
he we we we arrived at his house in South London,
myself and another man. And um I walked up the
pathway, knocked on the door, a woman answered it,
prostitute, MI6 prostitute he was living with
at the time, and I used a cube to control her.
And can you describe these cubes to the size of
Rubik's cubes? Bit bigger than a Rubik's cube.
That's quite big. But yeah, um you just hold it in
front of your this energy center here. Just hold
it. Simple. And then you just talk to them cuz
they connect with a cranial implant. So you just
say, "Okay, let me in. Sit in the front room.
Sit down on the sofa." Um he was in the Where
do you store down? Well, I just you hel you hold
it in front of you like that with two hands. See
how that and it's just a matter of talking, giving
commands and um yeah, sit on the sofa. Remy was in
the toilet at the time. Um the cube had already
started to make him submissive when I was in
the house. So, he just came out the toilet in half
trance. Anyway, I just told him to go upstairs and
wait in the bedroom. and uh he just went upstairs
and just sat on the bed and waited for me. And
um he had a bar there in the front room, you
know, uh and I got the woman to sit down. I got
her to pour us a drink. We sat down and um I we
were looking for pearls. When I say pearls, it's
an NSA code name for a suitcase nuclear weapon. Um
he'd stolen the suitcase nuke and um been careless
or something. Well, that's what got him shot. And
um you then shot him. So I interrogated the woman
about the location. Turns out that this thing's on
a boat, certain boat in a certain location. Once
I got the location of the the pearl, the suitcase
nuke is on the river ts. No, it's in an ocean on
a boat on a yacht. I won't give the names of the
place in the yacht. Um he I had a little radio.
I called my associate in and we went upstairs and
um he put a pillowcase over Amy's head and then I
shot him in the face seven times with a with with
your with the pistol. With the pistol with the
special bullets. Yeah. Is that because he needed
the special bullets? That was my MMO, Miles. Um,
several shots to the face um on many targets. That
was Is that to to disable the brain functions if
in the event of it being a manurion that could
continue functioning with one shot to maybe the
other part of the body? uh they don't want them
to regenerate and also um they want to destroy the
evidence of the um cranial implants. Yeah, they
have to destroy them for the autopsy in case the
autopsy went into hands that they can't control.
What is your primary function now in in talking
now? I'm still active. What's the main thing you
want to get across then? What's your what's your
um people need to know this what's happening. They
need to give themselves a chance cuz things What
do you mean by giving themselves a chance? Well,
things are going to um speed up and increase or
this this wall is underground now, but it's
going to burst onto the surface. It's going
to burst into the streets, which it already is,
but that's going to Can you mention any suggest
any indications that which would illustrate that?
that's that things are bursting into the streets.
Um I I don't I won't give any examples now. Um but
people know what I mean in the next few years and
um I just want to give people a chance. I mean
there are suggestions that uh we've been all been
told that we've been programmed or led to believe
that you know 2012 is happening. There's going to
be catastrophic events. So there's a whole pile of
major global catastrophic events being programmed
by the so-called Illuminati to illustrate this is
the end of the world and bang bang bang we're all
going to die. You know the Japanese earthquake
that's that happened recently. Is that a is that
an example of that earthquake? Some people have
suggested it was a you know it was triggered
artificially or is that the kind of thing you're
talking about? Well, I was um in Nightsbridge at
the time. Um and I was contacted um was just
around the corner from Buckingham Palace. I
was staying at Nightsbridge Hotel and um I was
contacted by MI6 the night before an official
um MI6 email address and um I was told tomorrow
it's going to be a terrorist attack and the guy
who contacted me said we wish we could stop it.
They called it a day of rage. And uh there were
a lot of YouTube susers saying there will be an
earthquake in Japan on Friday. And there was an
earthquake in Japan on Friday. And I I I replied
back. I said to him, you know, it's it's another
another terrorist event. What do you want me to
do about it? And then the next day the the tsunami
happened in Japan. So it's not it's not a case of
all these disasters are coming. They're happening.
that they made it happen. Um, yeah. I mean, I'm
not going to talk about the tsunami because it was
um there was a lot more in the tsunami. But
what I'll say about that and then I'll leave
it at that is people need to um research the the
battle of the China Gates, Captain Mark Richards.
What happened there with the earthquake? What what
that really was. The battle of the China battle of
the China gates. When was that? When that was
in the late '7s and then the earthquake there
in China killed huge amount of people. That's
that's all I'll say about that. I've given the
name people can research that themselves.
Captain Mark Richards. Joanne Richards.
Yeah. The body can practically any wound can be
generated. you're essentially indestructible. Um,
it can regenerate pretty much any wound. Get your
arm blown off. They've got um multiple cloned body
parts of you, cloned organs, cloned legs, cloned
arms. I just reattach another arm. So, it doesn't
it doesn't grow back? No, it doesn't grow back.
Uh, wounds can regenerate themselves. How quickly,
matter of hours? Uh, in seconds sometimes. Yeah.
And how is that done? Is that done with your own
power of your mind or it is enhanced? It's a
it's a kind of automatic process. So it's done
by the healing processes of the body naturally.
Yeah. It's almost a speeded up healing process.
Um but then if you suffer catastrophic wounds,
you get your legs blown off in Afghanistan. Um
the ship you to hospital, they would they would
attach new legs. salt. Is that what the coma
hospitals are about? I think that was the early
experiments of that stuff, but they perfected it
now. They don't need that. They only need body
parts from other humans for for every enhanced
soldier. They'll they'll have all these body parts
on ice and cry. Are they grown up grown or do they
keep whole versions of you around? Um, no. I
mean, how did the practicalities of that work?
I mean, I'm not a scientist or a geneticist,
but I know that they take your DNA and then
they build the arm and then they just
keep it in cryo storage frozen. [Music]
In part two, Prince described in 1979 how he
survived the rescue of enhanced cyber children as
they were in convoy from the Canadian Nelson base
and then being taken to Toronto where an MI6 took
charge. On actor service in 2007 at a location
near the elephant and castle area in London,
he described assassinating an enhanced soldier
who had stolen a suitcased nuclear bomb or pearl
and shooting him seven times in the head with his
9mm Smith and Wesson pistol to destroy the cyber
enhancements in the victim's skull. He described
how this was done using a strange small cube of
ET or ancient origin which was able to control
the victim. So for more claims and details back
to Michael Prince in the Bases 9 interview 2011
that was on the island of Paneang in Malaysia.
Um there's a NSA facility on the island there. Um
it's a looking glass facility. What's a looking
glass facility? They use looking glass technology
there. Um piece of hardware mean project looking
glass uh remote viewing thing or it's a it's a
piece of hardware looking glass. It looks um I
mean I got a photograph of it and is it the set
of glass structures or it's almost like a gold
colored metallic cannon with um coils on the back
of it and they they run mercury through the coils
and it opens up portals. So you can um look into
different timelines with it on a video screen.
Is it uh human derived technology or um I don't I
don't think so. No. Um I'd say it's alien derived.
I'm not 100% sure right% sure where it comes
from. Um I mean this particular event would um
the I was taken there by my carer
who I was delivered into her care
from Toronto and taken back to London in 81.
A mother figure uh like a carer. This was the
the woman um I mentioned her name on the on the
interview with Richard last night. Um Kate Casbol.
Kate Casbol. Right. Okay. Which is where you get
your personal James Cas. Yeah. Not my biological
mother. Yeah. I mean, we've discussed this and I
um there's connections with MI6 with her me. So,
she'd uh she's essentially there to keep you happy
and healthy and um in a sort of a normal way.
Yeah, kind of. It was complicated. Um because
there was like a foster mother or Yeah. But
then um my her husband um her husband before 81,
Peter Kaspar, he was the MI6 agent who was
involved in the drug trafficking operations. I
mean I've seen some of his file operate uh some of
his file data from he's the guy who got killed. Is
that right? He died in Doncaster prison in 2003.
He was serving 6 months for um possession of false
passports and this was in conjunction with his
function in MI6. But they why did they let it go
through or was it? Um was he operating freelance
so to speak? He would sometimes operate freelance.
It was he'd take drugs um from the shipments to
sell on the side and you know it isn't a drug.
So he he extended his brief. Yeah. He didn't like
that. Yeah. And there was also um I I don't know
that's the reason why he died. There was there's
something going on that was dropped off in prison
because people knew he was an agent. Now um I'm
pretty sure he was bumped off. He was um his file
data talks about him being involved in remote
viewing programs for the NSA. A program called
um All Bright and Clear. All Brighton All Brighton
because it was based in Hove and Brighton. All
right. And that there was an NSA remote viewing
program run from Brighton. All Brighton clear it
was called. I was given his um identification
number for that program. So he is now MI6. My
um the guy who raised me for a few years
in Barkshire and Reading, Neil Petit. Um
he was never married to Kate Casp. They were
never married, but they were together for a
number of name. Neil Petit. He worked just near
Peasmore. Um Hermitage in Newbury. Yeah. Um they
he was a director of an aluminium company there.
A big major company. It was a warehouse called
um Himets. It's called Service Metals. Now
he had defense contracts with the MOD. Um he
worked underground at RF Welfford. Um with Can you
describe more about Wilford? Is it just deputy for
a weapon story jour? I mean I'm not too sure
about Welfford. I know he worked under there.
Um he worked underground Bosam down too. And uh
there was there was some sinister aspects of the
company. There was some kind of child pornography
trade video trade going on in in within the
company. Is that connected with the ritual child
abuse trauma that I'd say that it's connected with
um the the underground facilities. I um when I
remember when I was a kid in Reading in Bshire,
I found some videos underneath the uh his um
dresser and it showed um I put it on, it showed
um a group of men in the Masonic Hall dressed
in Egyptian robes and they were um sexually
abusing little girls. On that particular video,
it was a child pornography thing cuz I mean I was
being sexually abused by Neil regularly. um his he
was multigenerational incest. His stepfather had
um come out of a Japanese um concentration camp at
the end of World War II. And when um he his name
was Jim Merch. Now when he came back to Barkshire,
he he started to straight away sexually abuse
um Neil and his sister. And there was um there
was satanic ritual elements where he kill the
animals in front of them. Yeah. I remember Neil
always cuz Neil was an alcoholic as well because
of all this. And um he used to used to get drunk
and sit sit me down. So he always tell me the same
stories when he was drunk. used to always tell
me about how when Jim took him and his sister
down to garden and killed the rabbits in front
of killed the pet rabbits in front of them and
cut their throats and uh he always he he used to
say to me, "Oh, um do you know what a pedophile
is?" And I was young and he said, "If I saw you
in the pub and you told me you were a pedophile,
I'd punch you straight in the face." He used to
say things out but then when he used to get drunk
um go into blackout then he'd come in my room
start sexually abusing me and I think it was a
kind of veilance whereas he was acting out what
was done to him in a really drunken state and
uh you know I've been interviewed by C in Cornwall
about this about the sexual abuse with Neil it's
on record. He lives in Australia in New Zealand
and uh when I saw him a few years back, he says,
"Oh, you know, I got this old German guy lives
next door to me and uh I think he's um a Nazi on
the run and we we've got really close. He comes
around all the time. He he pretends he's senile.
He's not. So this whole And now he pretends he's
senile. Yeah. But he's maybe is he working for the
Nazis still? Well, it's just no coincidence.
He's got a a an old Nazi next door to him. He
pretends to be seen now, but he's not. Yeah. Okay.
Just before I say that, I'd like to say I'm not
biologically related to either of the families
I just mentioned, the Caspar or the Pettits.
Um, I was taken to Malaysia by Kate Casbolt um
the island of Panang and uh straight away remember
being um walking along a little road in the in
the jungle there. There's a picture of me in the
jungle at the time holding a snake in front of the
temple. I was put on Project Analog and um I just
remember being taken um off the road by an army
jeep and driven down a windy road in a jungle to
a facility, fence facility, went in and separated
from Kate Casbolt. um taken underground in a lift
and there was kind of some command center um there
serious computer operators in their desks and
um taken by a American military officer and
shown um video footage. I think it was kind
some kind of satellite video footage and um I'd
honed him something to remote viewers too and it
um showed a alien creature in the jungle um a type
of um bipedal wolf almost like a small Bigfoot but
wearing a like a almost a brown robe with with a
belt around it with some kind of hardware around
the belt and um it was a still camera shot or
it I personally think it was um taken through
the eyes of a remote viewer and it connect they
were connected to satellite. I think it was a
camera shot through. So you can directly you can
directly photograph and record what people see
either through through their by telepathically
ruing in or by an implant or by an implant. It's
all physical. And I think that this this was
what the remote viewer saw just before he died
because this creature, as far as I know, killed
that remote viewer and that was the last thing
he saw. How did they kill a remote viewer? Uh, I
think he shot him with some kind of particle beam
weapon cuz I saw these creatures operate those.
So, I mean, the remote viewer is physically not
where the being was. Now he's physically tracking
the um being through the jungle and he's um
I think he's seen him from a distance but when I
say remote viewing he's like a camera he's zoomed
into him from a long using his physical vision
but using his remote viewing abilities to zoom
in right and uh so when the other being shot him
Yeah. Does he shoot the his presence as a remote
viewer? Does he see like an orb or something?
How does he see? No, he's physically there. The
soldier's physically in the jungle tracking this
creature through the jungle, but the creature's at
a distance far away. So, the soldier has zoomed in
with his vision, which is a type of remote view,
but it's more physical because it's connected to
satellite. But then, how is he shot if he's if
he's so far away? because the creature on the
still shot that I was showing on the screen,
the creature turned around like that and
was looked. So, from my understanding,
the creature seeing him and then like a sniper
shot him from long range these particle beam
um devices that they use. So I was shown that
and I was um the the creature growled at the
same time and that was picked up the sound and
uh below the still shot there was a sound wave
of the growl and the metrophosis used the word
gruff. I'm not exactly sure what that meant. A
gruff uh gruff just gruff. Gr u ff gruff. And um
they played the soundwave to me under the screen
which was the growl and they played it to me once
and then they said focus on it and they played
it to me again and played it about three or four
times and each time was picking up the um energy
signature of the creature. What do you mean by
the energy signature of the creature? Um, I was
a lot of it was to do with the scent. It's picking
up its scent, but on by hearing it, I could smell
it. So that would help you track it. Yeah. And
this where it comes into the condition and we
went through with the animals back in Canada.
So then bring us to where the event happened.
So we were taken I was taken out again above
ground put in a uh there was a two jeep convoy
soldiers and it was a woman in the front and
we were driven through the jungle um to it was
like a path in the jungle basically and we got out
and we tked through the jungle for hours. I mean,
I was only a little kid. And um after a couple
hours, we stopped for a rest in this clearing in
the jungle. It's like almost like a little the
pathway was turned into almost a crossroads,
like one path come this way, one path there, like
a crossroads. And um we'd just stop to have a
drink and have a rest. And I'd pick something up
in the trees. And um what do you mean by picked
it up? don't smell it. But it's more than just
smell. It's like you can you can see smells.
Um I picked something up in the trees and um
I mean I looked up and I saw it in the tree.
It it we were supposed to be tracking it, but it
had been following us. It already knew you were
coming. Yeah. And it was there. It was in the
tree. And I I shouted up to one of the soldiers
say, "It's up there." And um and this is where the
um the abilities of these soldiers comes in. This
was this was the first time I saw the abilities
of them. And this was later I would have the same
abilities. Um the moment I I saw it and it knew
that I'd seen it, it kind of went up like that
and it um shot some beam out towards me. Um it was
almost like um it it made the air like swish like
a rotation like that. I just I just felt the swish
like this rotation sort of coming towards me but
it was like metallic but it glowed the air. No,
the thing that it shot particle beam or whatever
it was, you could feel it was so powerful you
could feel the air moving to come towards you and
it was swiveing as it came through. But it was so
fast but my senses picked it up and just before it
hit me, one of the soldiers somehow projected some
force field around my body and um so this is a
relatively slow No, it's very fast. This happened
in a split second. I'm not sure. It's almost like
time slows down and it all happened in a split
second, but the soldier was able to project the
force field around my body before it hit me. So
he'd already projected this to you as soon as
he said where it was. As soon as I clocked him,
bang, he shot he fired in the tree. So this is a
protection mechanism. Um the soldier projected a
force around like an egg. It's almost like water
and then boom. It didn't it didn't hurt me at all.
him and um and then I it all happened so fast and
then I seen another soldier. He he he's up in the
standing here and he's up in the tree here on the
left hand side. Seen another soldier like in a
split second he's there like a cat. He's run to
the tree and he's run he's scaled up the tree.
He's run up the tree like a cat. Yeah. Um like
an animal. you were actually run up this big high
tree like a palm tree or some kind of leafy tree
or was with with lots and branches or it had quite
a thick um trunk enough. It was bigger than his
body. Yeah. Maybe one and a half twice the size of
his body and he just he's he's standing there. It
wasn't a soldier that projected the force field.
there was a different one standing behind him and
he's there in a split second like a cat is at the
base of the tree and like I say then he's running
up the tree scaling up the tree like a cat and he
gets to the top of the tree and he's like perched
it on top of the tree in the branch. He's perched
like like a bird or something like squatted on the
branch like looking up and his back is um like
expanded outwards. Um he's almost like pulled
energy up like uh from his from his center and
he's like boom and his back boom popped out popped
out. His back the muscles in his back have popped
out. Yeah. It's like bulging out his um top like
um and he's perched in the tree and this thing
has um this thing has either jumped um from this
tree to the next tree or he's he's some sort of
teleportation teleportated to the next tree to the
next branch. He's gone woof just Yeah. But it's
like he launched himself but then you don't see
him flying through the air. He sort of launched
himself off the bush and then the reappear.
Um he does the same thing. He chases him into
the next tree and he like sort of launches
himself off the branch. But again, he sort of
teleportation. He just appears in the next tree
and then the the creatures like boom to the
next tree. They're chasing each other through
the trees. The the creature and this soldier.
I mean it's amazing to watch. And after a while
they obviously disappeared. You can't see them
anymore. And um the one of the operators had a
a type of laptop computer and um he he went this
was like really he got it quickly next to me and
he wanted me to tune in. And I shut my eyes
and I could see a screen in my mind's eye and
um I could see the um the creature. There's a
red dot on the screen moving forward. Um so is
he following the creature or is he following his
compatriate following the creature? He the guy
in the tree is chasing the creature through the
tree. The red dot the actual creature. The red dot
is the creature. This is some kind of satellite
remote viewing thing link up. And the the um what
the the the red dot in my mind's eye is like a map
is the creature moving in a certain direction. And
um the the the soldier following him is a green
dot following him in the same direction. and uh
on the screen on the laptop with the soldier next
to me. What I'm seeing um the picture the map is
on the the screen. So he's trekking it and he's
reporting back to the base. Were there more red
dots? Yeah. Well, this is it. The other soldiers
that were with us started running after them on
the ground with their guns. They obviously
they didn't have the ability to do all this
tree climbing thing. They run through and I
saw them as a series of green dots as well.
um be following behind the first soldier, not
as fast. In other words, he had backup. Yeah,
they were going through and um and then I saw
another dot moving in a bigger one. Um I think
this was a purple dot, a bigger one. And I
said to the operating, I said, "He's calling
in his ship." So he's calling in his ship. And
um in other words, one of ours, one of our No,
he the creature was calling in the ship to
escape cuz he was being pursued. And um the
the operator got on the radio and um
said um uh something about air support,
calling in air support. Few must have only
been maybe 30 seconds or a minute later.
um two huge TR3 type of um aircraft, black
triangles, come really low over the trees. The
whole ground was like rumbling. Come really
low over the trees. Um I saw there I could
physically see them over the trees. They followed
the direction of the the firefight and then after
they disappeared from view and um and then I heard
um some kind of missiles being fired. I heard shot
uh weapons fired. Weapons being fired, but air air
weapons. And um I and the ground was rumbling when
these missiles were being fired. And um and then
that was it. It disappeared. And then the soldiers
eventually came back. They said, "He's got away.
The creature got away. He got to his He got to
his got to his ship and got away." And that caused
us major problems. What's the reason why? Because
this creature was involved in our lives when we
were adults. It wasn't isn't coincidence. We were
connected to this creature. This creature turned
up at Peasmore. This creature turned up at other
bases. And um is that the kind of creature that
Barry King described? This was a wolf. This was
a bipedal wolf like a small Bigfoot. um where
uh with a cut type of brown robe. You're not
talking about something very tall. Yeah, tall
by like a man, but like a wolf, like a big foot
um 6T, something like that. And he very similar
to the um flying humanoids. The footage you see
in South America, it was kind of similar to
that, you know. Um I think they're creatures.
I I've heard the name um creatures from the Kanes
Empire being banded around. Um I think they're
extraterrestrials from Sirius. I've never heard
of them before. I've nobody's ever talked about
them before. They're on YouTube. But well, nobody
said there are um sort of bipedal wolf people from
Syria, Kanas Empire, but it's just when I saw
the footage on YouTube, the flying humanoids,
um they were it was similar to what
I saw in the jungle in Panang. And
uh that was a an unsuccessful mission there.
Yeah. But that's a that how long was that in
in in the planning of what happened that um that
this creature was detected? Um he apparently the
creature had come into the area. There was
some military conflict going on in Malaysia
at the time the SAS the SAS. Is that because that
those creatures are used to train uh more of the
um enhanced superchild type children by
the SS? Um this creature had come in to um
it was somehow learning about human emotions.
It was learn it was learning from the conflict
of the soldiers killing each other in the area.
It was something to do there was some military
conflict in the SAS on the border of Malaysia
and Thailand all the time. And uh the this is
a conflict that we could look up. Yeah, it was
an official conflict, an official war. And the
creature had come in, it was it was learning about
the human emotions. It was studying the conflict,
and it was almost feeding when the soldiers
were killing each other in the jungle. It
was almost feeding off the energy almost in
a sexual way, feeding off the death and the
uh fear and the hate. So, it's very nasty. So
then that would be useful for reprogramming
or programming more super soldiers or more more
enhanced soldiers. Well, the creature turned up
at peace more and was used in the programming.
So it turned up at peace more before or after.
This was years later. Yeah. Oh, years later. This
years later. Yeah. If it came back to the planet,
I mean it might have never have left the
planet. So why were we trying to pursue
it to kill it? Or were we going to kill? Were
you trying to kill it? Um I think they were
trying to kill it. But then I would have
then come back in and say hello because it
obviously escaped and then it had um it it had
its um human collaborators which were probably
these factions that we've talked about that
have got human race best interest at heart.
[Music]
In part three, Michael Prince claimed the Looking
Glass project was a piece of hardware involving
Mercury. It allowed operators to open portals
into different timelines. Could this be related
to the Nancy Bell project from World War II?
He describes his life as James Casbold with
his carer Kate Casbolt. This gave a background
to life as James and his stepfather who died
in prison in 2003. The MI6 connection is further
enhanced. A complex, sickening family arrangement
involving child abuse, satanic rituals is familiar
territory. In this dark tale of mind control, the
Nazi SS in a modern age, and an alien human war.
While a young child in 1982, his service on an
active mission in Panang, Malaysia is described.
The pursuit of a humanoid bipeal wolf type alien
is described. [Music] In this final section,
Prince's missions in Brazil and an active mission
involving Dave Maro, who we saw in Beta 7, and
a shootown of a strange octoform alien creatures
craft in St. Ives and Cornwall in March 2011.
Prince declares, "World War II is in progress
and we're going to win it." The viewer must study
Prince's voice and mannerisms to see just how much
of this is actually true or some kind of wild
fiction with access to incredible detail. With
more to follow from Caswell's colleague, the Grid
Keeper, I'm Barry King. We now bring you Michael
Prince in part four. Any further points you want
to get across this time? Um, I'd just like to
mention two points quickly. Um after that we I was
transferred to um a facility in South America uh
Manus near Brazil. This was actually a facility
in the Andes mountains big underground city and
that was another NSA facility code named Plume and
um we we were George Bush Senior was there again.
Was that when he was president? Um this was or
as vice president. This was 83 84 mid80s working
um and yeah manas Brazil facility code name
plume and uh in the Andes mountains and it was
it was that was a Nazi training facility that we
were trained in a huge hall there and there were
groups of children divided into 1520 there hugest
hall some of them would be um doing climbing wall
climbing some of them be shooting martial arts and
it um the hall had two Nazi bands near the door,
one on each side, swastikas and um Dr. Green
was there because um project Ibis was started
in 1972 at Tavistock Institute and um doc Dr.
Green was one of the people that started it and
Joseph Mangallay from Awitz. He was at Bloom.
Joseph Mangallay, he programmed us. Um George
Brcina programmed us. We did operations there.
George Brcina actually gave us medals there for
that facility. We all lined up. Is that where the
Nazis I mean Brazil or that part of South America
is be known for where the Nazis went after World
War II? This is Manus. Manas. Yeah. And um yeah,
the second point is um the we mentioned there's
a cloning aspect of this. Um we a couple of years
back um 2008 it was um close friend of mine um
driving along the motorway in Worththing and C
pulls up behind him starts flashing his lights and
uh there two guys there one of the guys is going
like that to pull over. So my friend pulls over,
the car pulls up. Um, guy gets out in his suit,
opens the door and says his name. He says, "Could
you come with us, please?" Uh, and uh, I'd like
you to follow my colleague along the road. And um,
my friend became very compliant. This guy gets the
guy in the suit gets in the passenger seat, cars,
says, "Can you follow my colleague drive along the
motorway? Follow it up. Drive into a car park. up
there's an SUV in the car park and um they door
opens. First person he sees sitting in the SUV
is me. Um second person he sees is another person
that's here pro um another close friend of ours.
Third person he sees is a perfect replica clone
of himself sitting in the SUV. Can you mention
the other person that's here at Pro? I won't
mention his name on camera. We can talk about it
afterwards. Okay. Um he it's one of those SUVs
um like a little conference room and back table
like five seven chairs around it. There's two
other young guys that we he'd never seen before
and um you get in and say shut the door. The
the guy the other guy waits outside and they all
sit down. They all just sit there staring at each
other. He's got a clone of himself. He's fully
conscious. Got a clone of himself sitting there
looking back at him. Um the the the operative in
the suit says, "Okay." Says his name, "What have
you got to tell us?" He turns around and says,
"I don't know what you're talking about." And uh
so I'm sitting there at the time, my clone is
in St. I with my with the Casbol family. There's
pictures of him there. And um so again, you
know, sitting there and he says there's silence.
Everyone's just sitting there staring at each
other. Really bizarre situation. Again, the guy
goes, "Okay, what have you got to tell us?" And
again, he says, "I don't know what you're talking
about." And then the guy say, "Okay, I think this
meeting's over." Then when he says that, the guy
um just open the guy outside just opens the door
like they're communicating telepathically or get
out. They just drive off, just leave me standing
there in the car park. And um there's a picture
of one of my clones, a photograph of one of my
clones in Iraq working for Blackwater. And they
uh the intelligence community put it on the front
cover of Ice Spy magazine. And we've got a copy.
They can see the picture on the internet. What
edition of Ice Spy? 40 42 or 47. I can I've got
the picture. I can send you a link. And um I mean
it's a perfect clone, but there's no tattoos. Does
he know that it's Did he Is he aware it's a copy
of you? Is is the what the clone? Yeah. I don't
know what he's aware of. It's not Can we talk
to him? I mean, there's only one me. Yeah. Um
he Yeah, but that's, you know, that's that's
there on the front cover. There's also some
um crash retrieval video footage taken in Chin.
Um there's me at the crash retrieval site just um
there's another person here is here at probe and
that's two people here. Yeah. No, there's me and
another person here at probe now. They're at the
site of the crash retrieval footage. There's a a
shot down alien ship on the video footage.
There's a group of reptilians on the video
footage. that there's a body a small alien body
as um not tape a body or it's it's filmed by um
an associate of ours is connected to the SAS it
it's filmed at Goodwood Hill in Chichester near
Goodwood airfield at night. Um he's filmed it from
about a mile away. It's a series of hills. It's
very indistinctive material. But it's not sort of
there at the alien or what you can see if if you
examine it closely and look at it, you can see
that there's a group of beings that if you can
compare the other guy who's probably very tall, 6'
3. Yeah. That these group of aliens walk past him.
There's a tower above him. They must be 8t tall
on it. And they're carrying the body away. They're
all they're all walking. Are they veil? They're
reptilians. Yeah, these creatures with horns. Now,
you can make out the horns if you look closely
if you blow Are they stuff horns or um not huge,
just that here. Short stubs. Yeah, short stubs.
And you you can make it out on the video footage
if you blow it up and keep stopping it. Look
closely. You can see the horns on the head. And
um there's they they all walk in perfect
sync together like robots. Like they all
are collective. You can see that. You can see
they're not walking human. on it. They walk,
they carry the body back to their ship. You
can see their ship on the left hand side.
You can see an object would have been. Yeah.
Come in. And then there's um the fire engine
to the right and the vehicles. That's where the
SAS were. That's where I was on the right hand
side. My friend who's a pro and another two
of our associates there stood in front of the
um ship. Now the when the reptilians walk past
my friend, you can see them if you slow it down
again. Look at a few times blow up. You can
see he freaks out a lot when they walk past
him. That was a shock because they're so close.
Scary things and he's they got close. You see
him from a distance you have, you know, bit
of denial there up close. You can see him,
you know. Look at that. And um they're passing
some sort of hardware. uh the those operatives,
those human operatives near the craft have
passed hardware back to the reptilians that
they just been loaned and it's again these little
these small cube type devices and these cube type
devices they do they have many um they do many
things and they operate by thought. Yeah, they
connect to brain waves. They on this particular
night there was my friend doesn't remember
everything about the operation. I don't remember
everything about it, but there was something to do
with we brought this craft down with these cubes
against some kind of particle beam weapons. And
I'll just end it as you can you can see the
craft has been shot down behind my friends.
Have you ever been involved with off mission off
off planet functions? Yes. And uh when we talk
about off planet was extraterrestrial physically
in this universe or is it been through a portal of
some kind like often into a different dimension?
This was um Sirius a planet on Sirius and this was
um how what was involved there? Um this was
the a transport from the facility in London.
um mid '90s um transported on the underground tube
system through a Stargate from London to a planet
on Sirius. Is there a particular train station
that is a Stargate? Um there's these Stargates
in London. London uh CL you go that's so that's
basically near Westminster. Yeah. You park there's
a hotel on Park Lane and there's an underground
car park there. You can drive into that if you got
the clearance. Go down the lift. Then you can get
into the lower sections. If you got the clearance,
get on the train through the Stargate to this
planet and see it. It's like a water well with
a big land mass in the middle. There's a facility
on the ocean bed which is a perfect replica of the
Pentagon. Why does have to be perfect replicent?
Or the replica or the Pentagon is a perfect
replica of this facility. That's more correct.
Yes. But I think this facility in Syria has been
there thousands of years and they basically So
that means they must have known about this and
seen it obviously to build it there. Well,
they've been there the uh the people I think
the people that built the Pentagon have been to
this place and it's divi it's interesting because
it's I think it's divided into like seven. It's
a Pentagon within a Pentagon within the Pentagon.
Each um section facility houses a different alien
race and it's actually an artificial intelligence
facility. It's the facility is an intelligent is
an artificial intelligence. It's actually an AI
based computer system controls the facility
and controls each alien race in each section
of the facility. And AI is doing experiments
to see which of the races um in the universe.
I think there's seven root races. The artificial
intelligence is is doing experiments to see which
one is the has the highest survival dynamics,
which race is basically the most powerful. And
uh so this artificial intelligence uh who was
it made by? I think it's really old. But you
mentioned in some of your your emails about an
artificial intelligence system which has taken
over the planet and we are trying to fight against
that. Is that is that something? did take over the
planet, but there was some operations last year in
France in the north of France and it was they it
was shut down on how does it manifest itself?
I've got a theory that the electricity supply
system and the computer supply system and the
broadcast system are being used by an artificial
intelligence to take control of us. That's that's
what I summarizes what's going on. Is that related
to that? This is a huge subject. It's a huge
scientific subject and I know a fair amount of it,
but um it's all included in um the project IBIS
data that's being released on um Camelot by Kerry
Cassidy. Right. So all people need to do is type
in James Casbot Ibis and um that will come up.
Is that being released by you personally or is
it being released under your name when you're
under that? That is my data that's being released
by Kerry in that paper in those papers and that
data on Camelot. Um I'm talking about the physical
um computer system how it operates. Um are they
essentially vehicles being used by the agencies
to disinform or inform or both? Um probably say
it's a m I mean mixture. Yeah, mixture. It's
uh there's some good information coming out.
What things should we look for? We Okay,
it's um alien human war, World War II,
alien human war. And that is going to be
manifest as sort of 80s running down the
street shooting people or flying saucers landing
on Blackpool Tower. It's happening all the time,
Miles. There's um I told you know I sent you
the briefing report about what happened in
St. Ives a couple of weeks back which is in
broad daylight. A ship was shot down. There
was a jets over the over my daughter's school
military jet. Next thing this was in 3:15 in
the afternoon. The ship was shot down. It came
down in the back garden on Park Avenue. police
fire brigade and there some kind of octapform.
They uh they sealed the roads off that I got sent
up there. They got sent in and um an octop would
be what I would describe as as an octopus. This
was like a This was a physical large octopus.
There's nothing about it. This is a kind of
This was like a This was a physical large
octopus. Yeah, there's nothing lyricic
about this. This is the kind of thing
that I've seen kind of break into the
back of Sky Television. It was um it had
come down. It had crashed into the shed,
set the shed on fire on Park Avenue. Was this
the craft or the glacier itself? No, the the
the military jets had shot the craft down. It come
down, hit the shed in the back garden of a house
on Park Avenue. What size of things are we talking
about here? Well, the the ship. The ship. Yeah.
20 not a big 20 30 ft. So this opt form exists
really in an old craft in a well the optoform
is that high that wide the tentacles maybe you
know 6 ft um it basically it's the craft had
set the shed on fire the thing had come out the um
craft scuttled along the garden that's a good word
um and that um climbed up the side of the building
and broke the window and was hiding in the attic
of this house, you know, and this is and there's
there's paper reports in the papers about the fire
breaking out and there was just another fire.
A car had been set on fire a couple of hours
before by by the military shooting alien ships
down because it's World War II human alien war
and people say people say it's disinformation.
Uh they want to create an alien threat. They're
sending PLFS in. These are all PLFS and it's all a
big setup to um stage World War II stage in alien
invasion. It it is not um there is groups working
with there's human groups working with aliens to
stage an alien invasion, but there's a real alien
invasion at the same time. So there's a stage one
and a real one at the same time. just in the way
seven the 77 bowlings you had a you had a thing
stage there and you the other the real yeah the
real thing so um this is why this information is
coming out this is going to increase this is you
know you anytime you see a fire in the street now
with police sealing the roads off am um ambulances
fire engines and you're not allowed near it be
suspicious investigate it find out what went on.
So, we're losing the ability to keep the cover up,
the lid on the cover up. So, at what point do we
have a a holy [__] situation? Are we getting
near to that point? Well, we're kind of in it
now, but I don't think it's anything. We're
going to win. This is um You don't think we're
going to win? No. What I mean is we are going
to win. when the when AI did this um these
series of scientific tests to work out what
race had the highest survival dynamics in this
underwater facility. It was determined that the
human race have the highest survival dynamics. Now
there's um there's philosophies that say the human
form is the original form in the universe.
It's the most perfect form in the universe.
So, and this is why so we got, you know,
we're going to win. It's going to be about
hering people into safety zones and we're
going to have to take care of it. I mean,
the average man on the street isn't not going to
be able to do much. There'll be people already in
the population who'll be activated to clear, move
people along, to get people out of the way. Yeah.
at the same time dealing with the threat. So, it's
being handled on every level. So, it's dangerous,
but situations under control. You got a bit of a
scar there. I just thought is this an example of
uh of what was involved with your technology or
um No, they Yeah, this is connected to it. Yeah,
this is connected to Royal Ber Hospital and
there was um this Osiris program body parts. Um
cuz sometimes if you get you get your body damaged
instead of just surgery putting you back together,
they might just cut the body part off and
attach a new one. Some people know who my
fiance is. We're getting married soon. um her
story, her testimony, what she's been through
will change the world in many ways. Is she able
to discuss her at any time? Able to discuss it
at the moment. There's too many implications
with her. you know, with we're having constant
harassment in many ways and we're having to take
the the fight to the people um who are harassing
us. We've got constant um protection, bodyguards,
you know, we met when we met in France last year,
she wasn't allowed into the country. She was
detained in in Heathrow when she tried to visit
me from America, some very nasty things happened.
very nasty things. You I think you know about
that. Yeah. And um we had to meet in France. We
had a bodyguard there from a private security firm
um chauffeur. He he drove us from France to um
on the ferry. We came through Plymouth Border
Patrol. We were pulled in again at Puma Border
Patrol and uh the two MI5 officers turned up
um posing as police officers and said
they questioning me under um the some
anti-terrorism act. They gave me the leaflet um
2006 anti-terrorism act said if I didn't answer
that question they were going to arrest me. Um,
the woman who taught questioned me look very much
like Stella Remington ex head of MI5. Yeah.
And when we came back from America recently,
um, Director Baro was at the airport. Yeah.
Director Bar Alfred Ber from MI6 was there
to make sure you got through. Okay. Uh, he
was there. We got through. Okay. But he was
there just at the end just showing his face.
just like the cavalry is there. Yeah. Yeah.
So, what about um Nazis? Oh, god. Straight to
the point. Um I'm interested in the fact that
many many moons ago um in my more young and
enthusiastic days I um supposedly allegedly
channeled and that's the only way I can put it
a whole load of information which seems to be
coming true um or at least certainly becoming more
mainstream. Um, and I always at the time believed
that a lot of what people were experiencing
um, in terms of alien abduction was to do more
with secret research pro projects that probably
originated back in the Third Reich. Um, what kind
of secret research program? Well, I mean, I think
everything from propulsion systems involving anti
anti-gravity to to genetic, you know, research.
Um and the um you know obviously they're trying
to create an Uber man um an Uber race um genetic
knowledge that potentially could cause unrest
between racial groups obviously which has happened
in the past um and which we don't want to happen
again. That's deeper though. Deeper. What are
those messages about the alternative technology,
alternative propulsion systems and genetic uh
research? You know, it probably wasn't clear in
the first video, but I was a UFO researcher.
I researched with London UFO studies. Uh I
researched when I when I moved out of London with
another local UFO group. Um so I came at it from
that from things that had happened to me obviously
got me into UFO research, but once I got into it
and started looking at cases and you know, just
take the case of Betty and Barney Hill, you know,
the whole Nazi link there. Um and they were a
mixed race family as well, which is interesting.
Um, so I do think that that, you know, a an
agenda, whether that agenda is an alien one
or a human one is still happening that potentially
started or at least revealed itself in in the in
the Third Reich and in in some of the the stuff
that was going on back in the Third Reich. Now,
whether or not, as some people allege, that links
back to different alien groups seeding different
bloodlines on Earth is anyone's guess. as some
people alleged the Nazis believed they were,
you know, this alleged race that lived in, you
know, um, Agata and Shambala. Um, honestly don't
know. I mean, I've only just lit out a long
time. And it's only recently that things have
happened in my life. What's an connection with
with Cornwall? Why did they want here? Well,
I mean, that's an interesting one. I don't know
why. I mean, I can't I can only theorize. Just
interviewed um Michael. Yeah. Prince. Yeah. And
he's talking about the Nazi connection a lot in in
Yes, that's right. And that's one of the reasons
why I've decided to speak out because you know
that he you know I I've only met him once and and
he was obviously very much triggered by by Barry
King's information. Um and you know obviously
that made him remember and recall or connected
with him on some level and now he is speaking
about the Nazi link. It has made me think well
he's in Cornwall more correctly the SS link. The
SS. Yeah. Yeah. The SS the thing about the SS it's
it's interesting with the SS. I mean the SS on
one level was you know a police this is the whole
point well is yeah we don't officially it isn't
um but I mean yes I accept that there probably are
you know operations and and and schemes that are
of that ilk and possibly there is an SS now yes
but I mean in terms of that what we know that we
can prove they don't exist anymore what we do know
about the past we can prove we hope we can prove
um and there has been an awful lot of of research
done on the SS that they were sort of everything
from a secret police force, which obviously does
link into the whole Big Brother agenda and the
potential for chipping people, which again I
think resulted from concentration camps and
and and that was something they were thinking
of doing then if that system had carried on um
to um to intelligence gathering. They obviously,
you know, gathered intelligence. And then there
was another side of the SS. But there was a more
esoteric side that was definitely born out of
um of research from groups like the Chula and
the real society who did have um a whole aran
race supremacy slant. Um taking that out of the
equation however they also looked into exceedingly
innovative technology. They had Shaburgger,
they had you know a number of other people
nonJewish physics in other words. Yeah. Well
yes. Yes. I mean, I suppose I don't know if any
people who were Jewish were involved. I mean,
there is also a lot of evidence that that
demonstrated there were an awful lot of Jewish,
part Jewish uh members of the SS. And it does
look as though the SS was selective in terms of
who they felt they could use and who they felt
they couldn't. Um, and I think that, you know,
if you walk the walk and talk the talk and you
had a couple of Jewish grandparents, if you were
useful to the SS, they might have turned a blind
eye as long as you did what they told you and they
would have been a file on you as well. So, they
you'd have done what you were told. Um yeah um
but I think that things like Camela I think is one
of the most interesting characters in the SS to go
into if anyone's interested seriously in looking
at this star. Um he basically took over from
Hydrickch um a lot of the issues that Hydrickch
was overseeing primarily to do with the final
solution um but also the secret the more secret
research projects on um on propulsion systems.
Now at the time Hydrick was alive they weren't
really very well known. I mean they were still
in developmental stages. the Houndibu by that that
and Camela took over those duties from Hydrickch
and he became central figure in this Camela did
and he was alleged he died three times or well
there's there's three different Yes that's right
there's three different examples of his death one
one alleges that he was assassinated in Prague and
that's interesting because actually Hydrickch was
um assassinated in Prague there's another one I
think that he went off to Argentina was it or one
of the you know South American states rather like
Ikeman did and then there was another one that he
disappeared or I don't know. The only connection
there was General George Patton. Okay. And he
had to be assassinated because he knew too much.
That's an interesting one that I haven't picked
up on. And I also think Admiral Bird knew too
much. And he encountered the German British
Bird a year after Bird. I didn't know that. But
Admiral Bird obviously went out with a number
of battleships and and turned around pretty damn
quick and said went back to Washington and said,
"Look, the next time we have a war, we're going
to be dealing with craft that can fly from pole
to pole in minutes." Um, and and they shut him up
because I've interviewed a guy called John Irwin
who witnessed two German descriptive saucers in
the Jordanian Assyrian desert area until 1959.
The original Hound of Technology. And when you
when you go back to look, I mean, there's very
little around about Maria Ortish. And there's also
complications about how her name is spelled. A
lot of people spell it Orick. O R S I C. I don't
believe it was that. I believe it was Ortish. And
I was always told, well, so people can research
her if they want to. Maria Ortish. A U S T I C,
I think. Um, or A U T I S C. Apologies for that.
Um, but I mean again she was a real medium and
she is the one who allegedly channeled the houndu
blueprints or or certainly the instructions. Was
it anything to do with an alleged an alleged crash
in Germany in the 30s? There is an allegation
involved with that. I don't know about Maronei
obviously of course was involved with Cornwall
because you've got the Maronei station. I mean
crucially to do with broadcasting and yes well
that's a possibility. I mean again I haven't
looked into that. Um, but I mean there certainly
is a rumor that that that in 1936 a a craft did
crash in the Bavarian forest and that that's
where Hitler got hold of the technology, you know,
that they're sort of see having UFO experiences,
you know, and they're coming out with stuff
about Nazis. There's a sudden dramatic increase
in people wanting to read about Nazi UFOs. It's
really becoming quite, you know, a hot topic.
There's a new film. There's a new film coming
out, Iron Sky. Now, that's a comedy. Obviously,
it's it's being but it's like the Nazis went to
the moon in in 1945 and now they've done they've
got their technology now they're coming back to
get their planet back and you know so there's all
of that coming out as well and it does seem like
this is the next stage you know you've had the
whole grays everyone knows the gray image now I
mean everyone's familiar with that whether or not
we can what are the gray images because I've had
information of a particular type of gray which is
controlling major elements of sky television you
see I don't I couldn't possibly comment on any of
It's a type of gray with a walnut. Okay.
Headed a headed skull. Walnut shell type
skull with a very thick rimmed ridge down where
the two halves of skull join. Okay. The um we're
talking about the the mid-cranial bone ridge
here uh where um the center of the skull joins
together. That's because the two halves of the
brain are completely isolated. Is that correct?
in the what's known as the zeta reticular
zeta reticulent or the gray. Um the shape of
the brain is split in half by a mid-cranial
bone ridge. The zeta reticulent's brain is
uh not connected. The two halves of the brain
are split uh by a solid ridge of calcium right
down the middle of the skull. And it's interesting
that um couple of years after uh being told that
uh Puerto Rican drawing is I read the Spanish
language and I started subscribing to a Spanish
language magazine from Puerto Rico and uh one of
the uh UFO witnesses drew an alien gray as having
a midcranial bone ridge quite distinct line down
the middle of the heads to make sure he conveyed
what he had seen. So it's a very interesting
correspondence there. uh do think Martin's
uh evidencia of is a very useful reservoir of
information for people who want to get sportive
data albeit it is in Spanish. Nevertheless, for
people to see exactly the same thing on a highly
isolated island out in the middle of the Atlantic
Ocean is uh surely quite strange. But with regards
to Ron, I mean I'm fascinated in Ron. Um, but
what happened to Ron? What happened to Ron? Well,
I mean, that's a really interesting question.
What was Ron? What did he do? What did Ron do? Um,
I met Ron when I started um a UFO special
interest group with Mensah when I was a
member of Mensah. Um, and I wanted to get people
with brain power to look at the situation and for
a while it happened and Ron was one of the ones
that offered to help me run the newsletter. Um,
now Ron lived quite locally to me. This was in
North London. He, this is all I know of Ron. He
originally ran an esoteric bookshop in um Hibbury
um in Islington. Um I don't know when he closed
that, but he was a Crowley. He believed very much
in Alistister Crowley. Um he was also an amateur
radio enthusiast and very skilled with that and
was very big into sort of finding I you know more
about this than me because I'm not a radio buff
at all, but Scalar wave. Yeah. Over the Horizon,
Woodpecker signal, which we filmed all those years
ago, short before he died. That's right. And he
was starting to to come out with this stuff and
and starting to to really talk about it and and
he had an interesting background and and actually
the thing that that this is interesting that we
bring Ron up because it is down to Ron. This
started with me. I wanted to find out if I had
been abducted by a UFO because I was having all
these experiences and dreams and what have you
that led to to my becoming quite overenthusiastic
and probably making a total idiot of myself,
but that's just how things worked out. Um, and
I said to Ron, "You really have got to help me
find out what's going on." So he said, "Look,
I'll hypnotize you." Yes. I said, "You know,
I don't mind you doing that because I trusted
him." And he hypnotized me and all I did was come
out with stuff about Hitler. all I just came out
with all this stuff about Hitler and the SS and
and I don't remember all of it because he didn't
record it. He didn't write it all down, but he got
extremely engrossed in what I was saying. And it
wasn't that night, but it was a few weeks later
where he actually told me that he looked into some
of what I'd said. And he had this little sort of
esoteric book that came from Germany. Um, and it
was all in German. And I don't understand German,
but I understood enough to know that what he was
pointing out to me was true. And as he was reading
and translating it to me that you know it was from
what my limited knowledge of German and it looked
certainly looked as though a lot of what I had
alleged about the kind of experiences Hitler had
um and say what those were. Well, yeah. I mean,
again, you know, I can't prove or disprove this,
um, but I can throw it out there and somebody
else might know, um, that Hitler had visitations
in the night from tall blonde beings, that
Hitler, um, was basically in a nightmare state,
that he was completely a fever pitch by this and
and it completely engulfed him, and he had all
these really kind of strange beliefs about being
chosen to do something in particular and to bring
in this new world and all of that with, you know,
this this alternative technology, free energy,
all of that kind of stuff. Um, and you know,
that's basically what it was. And because the
first question, excuse me, that Ron had asked me
is, you know, have you, you know, not have you,
um, you know, can you tell me, you know, what's
happened to you in terms of UFOs and, you know,
and do you have any sort of recall about having
an experience with a UFO? And I and I laughed and
said, "No, well, they're not going to to bother
with me because I know too much about it anyway."
And proceeded to talk about Hitler and the SS.
What was talking about in the SS? What? It was
basically saying that most UFOs weren't even
alien. They're not going to bother abducting
somebody who was involved back then and who
knew what was going on and and I didn't make the
connection. You know, I I just We're referring
to Nazi flying saucers. We're referring to the
Houndibu and the Real Society and the Chula,
which I knew very little about in those days.
You're talking 1994. There was very little
about any of that. I think the the video
Secrets of the Third Reich Secrets of the Third
Reich came out around I think. Yeah, I think he
was around already. Michael Herman. Yeah. But I
mean that it was only literally I hadn't seen it
at that point. Um because it was after that that
I went and bought it. Um when I saw it. So yeah.
Um but yeah, it was just basically that. Um,
and then of course Ron and I being, you know,
that we were very interested in in the situation
anyway, we just used to sort of talk about stuff
that went on back in the war and he he he he felt
stuff that went on. Well, with the final solution
mainly and again it was I didn't really see what
was the purpose of the final solution. What really
was the purpose of it? Oh my god, that's a diff
how can anyone say an awful lot of people? Oh,
there's some horrible theories. There's some
horrible theories. What is the theory? the this is
not my this is not my theory. Okay, this is not my
theory just to categorically state that. I've been
doing some research and I found everything ranging
from it was a sacrifice that the um there's a
there's a website that I found the other day that
alleged that the the actual camps, concentration
camps formed particular sacred geometry shapes
and and various other things and that that there
was some kind of an organized Yes. Yes. That
that is the implication. Does this all seem to
be pointing to that level into some other this is
this is the implication and of course you know one
wonders whether there is some kind of an agenda
with another race of beings who potentially did
give technology in return for this soul energy.
out to bring in Can I bring in Well, I don't know
anything about them and I don't I don't usually
sort of Yeah, the Anunnaki. I do I think of them
as the Anunnaki because I've read stitching.
So, I suppose that's where I kind of came from
with that. But my friend um basically alleges that
that they are stuck in the she says it's they're
stuck in the fifth dimension. Apparently, they
falsely ascended themselves with monotomic gold.
um and they're stuck. They basically be ascended
without going through the the process that you're
supposed to to get there. Again, my friend
says that we are multi-dimensional, but the
whole point is to bring all the aspects from all
the dimensions into the one you are now. Yes. So
that you that's what Chris Thomas said. Yes, I
know. Because I looked at Chris Thomas. I thought
that's exactly what my friend says. So I trust
that because I trust my friend and that's the
process that I've been going through myself which
is why integrating some of my past life aspects
has been pretty hard. I was blown away by some of
what he said. Some of it I I didn't resonate with,
but then that's the same with everything, you
know. You don't you resonate with some stuff
you don't with others. And but I felt that there
was a hell of a lot of truth in the truest sense
about what he said. Um, and I felt very much that
that this is a truth that actually could appeal
to the ordinary person on the street because it's
nothing you have to become a particular guru or
Buddha to actually experience. All you got to do
is really find who you are. It's quite simple.
My own personal theory, however crazy it sounds,
is that, you know, we can affect our reality by
our state of consciousness. And I don't think is
this my take on this is that our our consciousness
is being deliberately manipulated. So we do
possibly that's a strong point. I mean that that
that is a very strong possibility. Yeah. That you
know that directly engineering reality and this is
well this is again this is again the whole concept
of creating one's reality with consciousness. If
people are feeling like [__] excuse my language,
you know, they are going to respond accordingly.
We're talking about scuttlers right now. Do
you know them as scuttlers? I've never known
them as scuttlers because they scuttle.
Black spider crab type things. Yes. Well,
what happened? What did we see? Well, before
I had an extremely weird experience in 1999,
which I do not know whether it had a lot of weird
experiences. I've had a hell of a lot of weird
experiences. Weird. How weird is it? This was off
the scale weird because I can't explain any of it.
Um, you know, I can't even really explain it with
psychology because I went to see psychologists and
none of them said that there was anything wrong
with me. No, the trouble the trouble is that there
was nothing wrong with me. That's the problem. I
wanted there to be something wrong with me so I
could take a pill and make it go away. But, but
they could, you know, there was nothing wrong.
And because I was, you know, getting this whole
load of information about what was happening in
Bosnia and and every week I was predicting what
was going to happen next. I kind of proved to the
psychologists that that precognition is real.
So actually he was very interested in me. Um,
but what we had before this strange experience
that involved a signal going into my ear and the
playing out of that's blue bean thing. I have no
idea. This is the thing. I need to find this out.
But but before that happened, we had my partner
and I, my then partner and I had a whole load of
nighttime visitations by something that made
a noise under the bed. And I thought we had
a mouse or a rat. Um, and you know, my exartner
went under the bed when we heard this one night,
screamed his head off. He wasn't the kind of
man to be prone to flights of fancy at all.
He said there was something black, like a crab
under the bed. Uh, and he said it just shot past
him. He was terrified. We were both went under
the bed at that point and and with a torch and
nothing was there. Um then the following night my
youngest son saw it in his room. Um my eldest son
uh who was young at the time um saw it in his room
and we um What did he see? He saw a similar thing.
He described it as being like a black hand moving
around on its own. So it sounds very similar to
what you saw. And that was about a week or so
before I had this hugely dramatic experience.
which did feel like a complete altering of
my reality. I must admit reality. It was a
reality reality. Well, it was it was the most
bizarre thing. I was actually in the grounds of
the place where my very wellressearched past
life had lived. And I didn't realize it was
my past life at the time at all. I had no inkling
whatsoever. Wasn't interested in past lives in the
slightest. But I took a step and as I took this
step, I heard this God almighty clunking noise
and it sounded like a big vault being opened. It
sort of went like that like a big like a massive
vault being open metallic. It went clockwise. It
sound the sound went clockwise around me. It went
like that like a kind of big metal seal opening.
And simultaneously as this happened, there was a
ripple of light that went all the way around the
trees and made everything look really fluid. And
it also felt at exactly the same time that my
spirit had literally flipped around in my body.
call it fluidic reality. I don't know what a
fluidic space. But anyway, I just I said looked
at my partner and said, "Did you hear anything?"
He's like, "No." And I was like, "Okay." Feeling
very very scared by it because it's about one of
the only times that I've ever had something that
no one else heard or or could see cuz you know
when I've seen UFOs, there's been other people
there and even when I had the strange channeling
that, you know, it corresponded with a lot of what
Barry King said. So, I've always been able to
verify the things that I've had. And I couldn't
verify that at all. That was completely something
that I had no understanding or comprehension of.
And it was after that happened, a couple of days
after that happened, that I had this signal going
into my ear. Um, and it basically, what was it
like? What was it sounded like white noise like,
you know, going into and it literally went into
my ear. You know, sometimes when you pick up the
telephone and you listen to your computer. Yeah.
Like it did sound like a modem kind of thing,
like an oldfashioned Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't
know why they take that, but but of course,
James Casbalt has alleged that that there's some
that I'm involved in in one of these programs at
Brecon Beacons, and I would like clarification on
that. Really? Okay. You're talking to James Casp
or Michael Prince. What exactly do you want
to say to him or about that program? I don't
know anything about it. I mean, I don't honestly
don't know anything about it. I I know that that
Breham Beacons is a military facility. it's SAS
training and things like that, but James has gone
or Michael Prince has has elaborated more recently
and he is alleging that that there's a lot of SS
stuff going on. Um, and I don't know if that's a
part of it. Um, I'd be very interested to talk to
him about that. Um, I really would because I want
to get things straight in my mind about the SS,
about what's going on, what's what potentially
started back in the Third Reich, um, and what,
you know, potentially is still happening now.
So, that's something I would be very interested
to talk to him about. But he has alleged that um,
that there is a clone of me and he said on one of
these forums and I can't remember which one it
was. I never probably Yes, I think it was. Yeah,
it was Avalon, I think. and and he said that it's
this clone of me is called Proax something with
um with numbers after it. What numbers? Didn't
say, but the post is up. Proact P R Oyphen AX.
And I I honestly don't know. I mean, all I can say
is that when I wrote when I had that, you know,
whole thing going on, I wrote that that vanity
published fact-based fiction about the grays.
um that in the dreams I was getting I was having
very high level conversations with what appeared
to be high-ranking military personnel of what US
yes American yes they weren't British where we
having these conversations in some kind of base
I mean but these were dreams you know I'm going
to make that distinction I don't know if this is
real or whether it happened right but but that
but the dream I mean the last dream I had was
it was almost like you know massive debriefing
between me and these generals and and I was being
treated on their level in this dream. This is
what's so strange. Any location recently? No. God,
no. This is going back to before I spoke to Barry
King. Jesus, you're going back 92 90 uh middle
94. It was around about summer 94. September I
think it was. Do you have anything you want to say
to Barry then just to round this off? Well, yeah.
I mean it's you know I'm I'd love to catch up with
him actually. Um I'd be very interested and how is
he a bit ill. We remember talking to him yesterday
but uh he wasn't able to do well give him my very
best wishes. Um and you know obviously apologies
for the fact that I did get quite excited in that
early video. I mean it was excited I suppose what
was really and there's an awful lot in that video
which is even more important but I was talking
to Barry on Skype the other day. He was saying
that he put more information into the documents
and people need to look at the documents that he
was released and that's why the documents are
available on on basis 2 take two. If you put
the disc one into the computer and don't look at
it as a DVD but look at as an ordinary data disc
entire scan of the voice. Yeah, I've still got
all my hard copies of the voice and there is a
lot of information in there. He's saying that he
got more information out than he wasn't allowed
to within the voice. Okay, that's the last
thing he said to me the other day. I mean,
certainly that's the first time I've spoken to
him since 2001. Well, certainly from my point
of view as somebody who experienced phenomena that
I couldn't explain, meeting Barry, which is again
why I was enthusiastic. Meeting Barry was, you
know, amazing because I could, it was like, wo,
you know, this is like, oh my god, you know, this
man is kind of coming from a completely different
place to me. He hasn't had all the dreams and
the psychic stuff, you know, but he's kind of
confirming what I've been led to believe. And I
suppose that in a way you do get a bit sort of,
oh my god. Well, it is here, is it? It is. It's a
It's a very big thing. It's a very big deal. And
I was young, you know. Um and I and I do sort
of, you know, think that perhaps I got a bit
overenthusiastic about it. And there's a machine
in there that's and they start seeing projected
reactivated uh dead German soldiers, right? And
they reanimate. Wow. And they also reanimate and
come out of existence. They just suddenly just
appear. And their task is to protect the outpost.
Well, that sounds very similar to what Ron Adams
suggested was at Coped Hall. Cop hall. Yes. That
we went to. And he mentioned this thing like a
v a vending machine. He mentioned that there was
a machine that was like a, you know, looked like
a vending machine, but it effectively, you know,
did, you know, make kind of reanimated.
No, we never we never got that. Well,
he said that that that it triggered stuff off
and then all of a sudden military people would
turn up. That's what I remember him saying. I
mean, I might have got part any more in there
because this is very important. All I remember
when we went there, we obviously saw my camera
started failing at I know it did. I know it did.
But but he said that there'd been this rumor of
of you know this machine that was like a vending
machine um that had been seen there or that people
had known to existed there that it was involved
with some kind of secret project and that whenever
this thing was there if you went there basically
military people would turn up. Now I remember
when we went there just arrive out of nowhere
and see you off you know get rid of you. Yeah.
which happened like protect. Yeah, which happened
to us. Yes, it did happen to us. We were seen off
in no uncertain terms. Somebody turned up. Nobody
was around, but somebody turned up in a Land Rover
if I remember rightly. I don't know. I think it
was a Land Rover. It was something. It wasn't a
military vehicle, but it was a sort of, you know,
it could have been sort of it could have looked a
bit paramilitary to me. The whole thing about
the guy looked paramilitary to me. Yeah. Well,
he definitely was military. Yeah, definitely had
Yeah, he had links to that and he just turned up
out of thin air when we were there filming and
and got very interested in why we were there and
and that's that's when Ron was actually quite a
decent head. He looked healthy and yeah, Ron it
wasn't very long before he died actually. So what
what happened about the story about about Ron? The
earring his earring he's wearing is a skull with
a little snake a skull on the top of a snake.
most interesting odd symbol, you know, for an
earring. In what respect? Well, they're definitely
sort of occultings or whatever. Esoteric,
for want of a better word. You're not there.
That was very interesting, wasn't it?
No. He's faster than military.
I think we interviewed Ron and uh we did the
scale wave thing then went off to Rishion I
think I think that day and he died. He died. He
rang me up actually um a couple of weeks before
he died. He was getting very very paranoid, very
frightened. What happened to Ron? What happened
to Ron? What do you know about his history with
I don't know very much about his history with
Rendles because we never talked about that.
We talked about the Third Reich, which he
was extremely involved with in terms of his own
research. Um, but he phoned me up and he he got
really frightened and he said, "Look," he said,
"Something's going to happen to me." He said,
"They're coming more and more," meaning grays,
because that's what he was having, you know,
experiences with. He said, "Something's going to
happen to me." Now, his wife had said that he was
getting to the point where he actually wanted to
turn his study into a Faraday cage. He wanted to
put chicken wire all the way around it because
he felt that was the only way that they couldn't
get at him. Now she was very worried about he's an
esoteric specialist. Yes, he was. So he would have
known of all forms of protection and crystals and
salts and all sorts of other things. He was he was
a true occultist and he was then reduced to the
stage of using chicken wire to protect himself.
He was that frightened. He was that something
was frightening him or something was making him
paranoid. I don't you know I mean he he seemed he
didn't seem paranoid to me when I spoke to him.
His wife felt that he was but obviously she was
with him all the time. Well that's the impression
she gave me. But I mean that was that was the
implication that he felt that something was out to
get him. He said that's it. They're going to get
me. Now he had mentioned that he thought he had an
implant. And of course, I tried to calm him down
by saying, "No, they won't. They won't." Because,
you know, what else can you say, you know, when
you've got somebody really upset on the phone,
you know, somebody you really care about, too.
Cuz I did, you know, not over what period of time
did this happen? This happened 2 weeks before he
died. Approximately 2 weeks before he died. And
which would have been a week or so after I did the
interview. Yeah, it was it was Yeah, exactly. It
was within weeks that all this happened. Um, and
and that was it. The next thing I knew, you rang
me and said, "Mom's dead." And I was absolutely
flabbergasted by that. I was complet I felt I felt
also like I failed him because obviously I was
you know I didn't I didn't really believe that
that he was as in as much risk as he felt he was.
Um but I didn't know about the Bentwaters thing.
The Adams family is a family I met around
about 1994 and they were the only civilian
family to have lived in US Air Force headwaters
from 1970 to 1976. They were um surrounded by
military personnel and were very friendly with
all of the military personnel. Uh they would go
on all the dances, go to the all the Christmas
parties, birthday parties of children, all the
um you see the new year in you know uh so from
1917 to 1976 they left in 1976 and Ron started
running a bookshop in Ivory in London. Uh the shop
is just a kind of supernatural orientation type of
bookshop um in Ivory and Ron kept it going. But
I would think that the most uh important thing
about the whole family is that Ron, his wife, his
two sons and a daughter-in-law all believed that
while during any stay at uh Yuru for Fetch Waters,
they were abducted by aliens. The whole family,
the whole lot. I talked to the wife. I talked to
Ron the father. I talked to one of the sons and
uh the son indeed whose name I can't remember uh
was very traumatized and had an instantaneous fear
of terror of spiders. I think it was the younger
of the two sons. Uh he was the only one that I
met when I was at Bronze uh in Chase Road in
1984. But he was uh very traumatized looking
in my opinion. He had a sudden fear of spiders
as I said after induction which is like another
abductee in Edinburgh that I've met saw you this
guy all of a sudden he whole whole life he's had
an absolute terror of spiders to get on to the
family living away from US Air Force Bwaters
from 1976 to 1980 they carried on their connection
with US Air Force Bwaters personnel socially. So
they carried on going to all the birthday parties
and all that. So I would say it's also interesting
that the daughter-in-law uh to obviously betrothed
to one of Ron Adam's sons coming from a completely
different family also stated that she thought
she'd had incredible experiences whilst staying
overnight in US Air Force Bwaters. uh she believed
that aliens had come through the walls and ran
around her bed and that was very similar to what
Ton Adams wife was talking about whom I did speak
to personally but um I don't really see why two
completely separate families should be wanting to
claim the same thing which is utterly fantastic to
us then you know right now even in 2010 sounds too
unbelievable too difficult to believe. Well, Ron
certainly was being abducted a hell of a lot and
it worried him and it worried him enough to try
to put the grace off abducting him by smoking a
lot. Uh he would say to me that he was uh smoking
just simply to put the grays off to pollute his
blood deliberately and make his blood useless
to the gray. So he definitely had this picture
which I'd uh been told about a couple of years
before by another source who was MI5 connected and
um Ron was uh smoking pretty badly and dangerously
just simply in terror of being abducted by the
grays. So we're a little bit suspicious that
Ron's death at the age of 65 while recorded as
being of a heart attack does relate to his being
abducted by the aliens. be not beyond the kind
of conversations we'd all had together cuz when
we met privately to do the newsletter, we always
ended up talking about the SS. It was bizarre. We
would talk about everything from from the ovens at
Avitz to to you know to the sort of the howibu
which you know obviously we knew that they had
flying discs. Yeah. didn't mention Bell that we
didn't you know that didn't come up at all but I
mean it was like yes we both believed the Nazis
had these these machines these and that you know
these foo fighters were connected and things like
that and and theories about the Tibetans and about
how when when the allies stormed Berlin that's
the well apparent I don't I mean again you know
I don't know but I mean Madame Glavatzky went out
to Tibet um I know that and um you know we talked
a lot about Madame Bllovatzky and we talked a lot
about theosophy um and the the rumor that they
they found um you know Tibetan soldiers dressed
in SS uniforms in Berlin and again this this is
kind of flaky stuff you can't really verify a
lot of it you know I mean but I mean it is an
interesting thing and we did used to spend quite
a long time talking about stuff like that and
was it true you know we sort of both felt that it
probably was and we both felt that there was hell
of a lot more than meets the eye about the whole
SS situation and that it all goes back there. It
always felt like it all went back to the SS. It
really did. But, you know, then I mean he actually
I think he did imply to me that he that he cuz he
was obviously a lot older than me and I think he
was born in in the late 40s. So, it's possible he
could have been a reincarnated person from that
era. It is possible whether or not he I think
I'm sure he mentioned something like that once,
but I can't be certain. But I know he's come back
into our consciousness. top of conversation now in
the same way as some other people. Well, he's come
back to me very much because obviously since more
and more stuff has come to me about this SS stuff
of Nazis here, you know, um but but definitely a
lot of what is going on now in terms of secrets uh
secret um agendas and not so secret agendas um you
know initiatives to depopulate potentially like
Codex Elementaris and FEMA camps, fusion centers,
a lot of the thing weather engineering, a lot of
that I believe goes back to the essay And I think
you could take it all all roads lead to Rome and
I think that you just got to go back to the SS
and we need to get more people who are prepared to
speak about what they know like you know my thing
called practical reality and practical reality
is very very interesting. I mean, I'm I'm very
interested in that because it did feel to me term
I came up with that. That's a good That's a good
term because it did feel like that. It felt when
I was going through my experience, it felt like
I was simultaneously living in between three or
four different realities and that whichever way
I went in terms of how I felt was going to affect
the wider, you know, the wider implications for
my life. I was basically choosing paths and they
would lead to different points. Um, so yeah, that
that's kind of an interesting one. Okay. Any final
words this time? No, the information speaks for
itself. Is there any sort of one summation phrase
you want to get across? One, what's the what's the
bottom line? What's the what's the essence? It's
a dangerous situation, but it's all under control.
People shouldn't panic. But should they read up
things, look up things, watch it? if they want
to do their own research, this is that will help
them. And where is the best place to stay across,
stay tuned to deeper things. Um, again, they
can check out um the project IBIS information
if they just Google James Casbot Ibis. That's very
detailed. It's very there's a lot of data there.
And the one of the things which which which I
get is is emails from a character very important
person called the Reverend Anthony J. Pike. Okay.
Anything you want to tell Mr. Pike? Lord St. Pike.
Anything honest? Tell any message you want to
say to Mr. Pike? Um why why have you pulled
his name out out of everyone? Well, he's he he's
disappeared off. He said his saint his saintly um
his saintly duties on earth had had finished. and
uh about 4 weeks ago I a couple of months ago and
he's off to a different planet but he's come back
so I thought we'd send him a welcoming message on
YouTube to say you know Lord St. Anthony say hello
Anthony St. Anthony, God bless. Jehovah blesses
Jehovah, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Cosmic research.
The chairman, Jehovah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He keeps
he keeps the world informed. Yeah. He's good.
Okay. He's got a good sense of humor. Yeah.
And anything for Barry? Barry? Yeah. You seen
Barry recently? We're a bit worried about No,
for Barry. No hard feelings. He He did what he
had to do. He's a bit ill now. I gather he's
not. Yeah. And I hope he gets better. And he no
hard feelings. He I know who he is and uh he he
did what he had to do. Okay. Okay. Good luck.
God bless. Have mercy, Mr. Hall. Thanks, Miles.
[Music] Yeah.
[Music] Heat.
[Music]
After over 5 years, we now bring you the second
video interview with James Casbolt. In bases 4,
Casmalt expanded on Barry King's material,
first released in bases 1 and two.
King talked about generated life forms,
horrendous mind and population control programs,
mannequin and puppet master, all going on in
Britain's Barkshire countryside at a base under
the village of Peacemore. Casbolt highlighted
even more horrific programs involving children,
genetic experimentation, and further terrifying
details. And even a base under parliament itself
called CLC1. In bases two and four, a further
witness, Matt Todd, gave us even more detail
with the involvement of the US military in the
abductions or myabs and how he killed four grays
at a base where people's souls were kept in cages.
Bases 7 gave a super soldier Dave Maro and his
trauma-induced monarch programming selected at
birth and trained to fight off planet. Perhaps
Matt Todd demonstrated radio signals coming from
his many implants. the existence of some other
form of dimensional reality and a war with super
beings is implied. So now in bases 9 we present
Michael Prince aka James Casbolt. This time the
SS comes into focus and the nightmare continues.
That is if any of these claims can ever be
proved with factual evidential data. James
Casbold. [Music] James, we met in a previous
persona as James on previous edition of uh the
basis series. You've got a different persona now
or you've got two different um ways you portray
yourself to the public. Can you explain what the
difference is or why you've changed or has there
been a change? Michael Prince, James Carpool.
It's just a simple matter of I'm using the name,
my birth name, Michael Prince. It's a name I
was given at birth by my biological mother.
So So where where's the story of the Casbold
story? Um that was a family I was adopted into
the Casbolt family. Yeah. So um that was um 81.
Yeah. I need to go back to the beginning when I
was a baby. The origins of Project Ibis. Um it was
the name of the project I was um involved in uh or
born into effectively um was named project
Ibis and it was run by the NSA and MI6 and
um it was it was um tracking of 42 children
from different countries and um all those
children were brought to a facility in Canada
in the Rocky Mountains um underneath a small
town called Nelson. And in what what countries?
Why were they selected? Um according to the file
information I've seen, they were se selected
for cuz their DNA the um the NSA information
I've seen um says that we have what they call
blood prime which um it states anunnaki DNA.
What is blood prime? What's what specifically are
the differences? I think some type of alien DNA,
human um alien hybrid. Is there any particular
Reese's negative positive or anything like that?
Um I think it there's that the Reese's negative
factor in it. I think the the negative factor. So
that how are the ch children selected as such?
I mean does that mean there's some means of
uh selecting is it proclusive from different
you know at birth people's bloodline medical
records I think the mothers were um selected
and um the embryos were cloned embryos grown
in a artificial environment um test tube babies
and I think those from my understanding those
um embryos were then implanted into specific women
who gave birth and And then at the time of birth,
the children were transported to the um
underground facility at Nelson in Canada.
The name of that facility was a Q552. Where's
Nelson? Is it in Manito Winnipeg or somewhere?
That's a small town in the Rocky Mountains.
It's in uh British Columbia, Canada. um that
so we were all taken there at the time of birth.
Some some from America I think. Um there was some
from South America obviously some from the UK. Um
I don't know who the other 42 children are. I've
got a rough idea now. Why 42? I don't know. Is
it just just that's what the sample was? a lot of
significance in it. I don't know. I'm sure there's
massive shoulders. Um, very blonde hair going
almost white now cuz he's getting a bit older.
Um, wears your classic MIB outfit, the fedora hat.
That's his style of dress. There's the fedora hat,
black suit. Um, piercing blue eyes. Has a scar
down his left side. That's from the officer class
from fighting. I'm not sure where he got the scar.
Um, this guy amazing guy. The characteristic of
German upper class is to have a a a scar. That's
interesting. From sword fighting. It's interesting
you say that. I didn't know that. Um, very
interesting character. He um from Bavaria, close
friends with Henry Kissinger. Henry Kissinger also
from Bavaria. who seems to have an amazing ability
to stay young and healthy, relatively speaking.
Um, Alfred Bonner was the director of uh, security
at Duly at the time of the Duly rescue. Now,
there's been a book published by Pilington, I
think it is. Um, I could stand correcting saying
the whole Doulsece thing is a fraud. They've stuck
bits on the mountain to make it look as if what's
going on. No, Dulce is real. Dolce is 100% there.
So, I mean, why do you think there'd be elements
within MI5 publishing books saying this stuff's
wrong and it's shadows and it's it's a it's a
fraud. I'm not really interested in the whole it's
in your recent book has been published. Um, you
know, I'm not really interested in all that. It's
I know it's DOS is real. It's um it's a important
place for the new world order. So, what's what's
the function of Dulce? I mean, we've heard that
there certain underground things in it which
were released in the late '7s. Is there anything
new about it? Is it current? I don't I've got a
friend um in the CIA who works at Oakidge National
Laboratories in Tennessee and he often works down
at Dulce. Um I mean he sent me pictures of the
first level color photographs and it's not really
the first level isn't high tech. It's kind of just
a damp old base, you know, like sort of it's a bit
run down the first level. Not what you'd expect
to see at all. The old elevator shafts and things.
Are you able to try those pictures at all? Yeah, I
can. I've um I think they were released on Project
Avalon a couple of years back, right? I can show
you those pictures. Um you know, but when you go
down the levels, it does get more advanced down
there. It's a essentially um Have you been down to
those levels or have you been shown them? Um there
is connections with um IBIS and Dulce Doulsece
is essentially a um officially it's a psychiatry
center. Um they when the um employees walk around
the facility, there's certain sections with
um people in like hospital rooms with um almost
like prison rooms in a way, but not with bars,
like um plastic windows and thick plastic. And
um you know, you have people there in in hospital
gowns and um sitting on their beds and it the the
briefing is that they're um incurably insane and
that they're doing high-risk um drug treatments
on the insane and it's actually a top secret
um psychiatry facility. That's what they're
first told when they go in there. So uh and
then they they never come out these people. Yeah.
Um I think a lot of them don't come out. There's
um as you go the hall these particular hallways
um at these rooms in um the corridor curved round
and every kind of 12 rooms you have an operating
theater. These people are taken out as operating
theaters there. And uh the Q552 facility in
Canada in Nelson was um there was a lot of uh
Nazi psychiatry um going on there. What sort of
what are you talking about conditioning? Well,
for instance um at the facility they were um it
was essentially a trauma center. Now they did a
lot of conditioning with us with wild animals
and what they were doing there they they used
um Canadian wolves, they used snakes, they used
um cats, wild cats and tigers and things. Um they
were giving us the attributes of wild animals. Um
they were subjecting us to um um for when we were
older um for allterrain warfare, jungle warfare,
artic warfare. So we had the attributes of wild
animal. How do you get the attribute of a wild
animal? They used um they set up I think it was
the second level down at the Q552. Um they set up
a kind of pen. Um 30 ft 30 ft wide. Um they set up
this pen. They put the babies in the pen and um
they put wild animals in the pen. They might put
snakes in there or you know wolves. Only one type
of animal at a time. They didn't mix the animals.
There was always one type. Now this um pen was
very similar to a Skinner box they use in psych
significance in it somewhere but I don't have that
information. Many of the children were transported
on private CIA jets small small jets or just just
like le jets. Yeah. And um transported there. Um
so what's the program? What specifically is the
purpose of it? There's a lot of effort being put
into this then. Why? Um, project IBIS is again
the Nazi connection. The name comes from the
um the Giza Intelligence Group underneath the Giza
Pyramids. The Nazi group in World War II. What
Nazi group is this? Um, it's known as the Giza
Intelligence. The Nazi group. Which part of the
Giza Plateau were they involved in? I don't know.
I just know they were um based underneath the Giza
pyramids. It was a facility, the Nazis in World
War II. And um the name connects to Thoth, the um
the immortal, the Egyptian. Is um some connection
with an ibis bird would represent Thoth in Egypt.
What are they were they trying to find in Egypt
or what did they find in Egypt? I think they
found some kind of life extension technology and
this was effectively that this was a major part of
the IBIS program was life extension regeneration.
Is there is there some kind of chamber that you
could mention or any any particular area? Yeah,
there's the emerald chambers. The emerald the or
the emerald rooms, but I think that is that's in
more than one location. Um I'd rather not talk
too much about the emerald rooms. I'd rather just
focus um because it's such a complex subject. It's
um is this to do with the storage of souls on
the earth and the recreation on earth? This is
very much physical um this is they at the um Q552
we were being indoctrinated with Nazi principles
um Germanic principles um were you indoctrinated
by Nazis? Yeah, it was Nazi. It wasn't just Nazis
there, but there was a big Nazi presence. Um, some
of the philosophies were indoctrinated with there.
Um, you see those philosophies in um, Germanic
organizations to this day like the Odinist
Fellowship in this country. Um, the philosophies
are based around obviously the creation of an
Uber man, a Superman. But, um, they see life on
Earth as a means to an end. They're not trying
to get somewhere else. They're not trying to get
to heaven or another planet. They want to become
physically immortal in this body on this earth
and stay here. Now um we're also indoctrinated
with the the Germanic belief in um endless
warfare. Um is that would be our reality once
we stayed here physically. We um our reality would
be endless warfare and there'd be periods of rest.
You need to maybe reorganize the the logistics
or um they talked about the thousand-year Reich,
a thousand years of peace. Um which would be
periods of rest in between the warfare and then it
would just be a continuous cycle. And um that was
effectively um how they had indoctrinated us to
be assassins when we were older so we could keep
functioning. If we were concerned about the next
um hit and had anxiety about that we wouldn't
be able to carry out and function. But if in our
mindset, if we believe that we were designed
for endless warfare and it would never stop,
um we would just accept that and be able and be
relaxed when we were involved in assassination.
And what kind of assassination or what kind of
missions are we are we talking about here? Um
this is in numerous countries. um many different
ways. So it's it's um is it I mean we are we sort
of going and doing a one two three bump somebody
off or or just just that different types of of
assassination. Um a lot of it was standard um
gunplay. Um I mean that that came later on down
the road. Obviously we were actually raised
in this facility as babies. So from 1976 to
1979 we were raised in this base. Um the where
it was in the mountains um it was underground
but there was um it was above ground the main
entrance. It was like an aircraft hanger and
um what kind of general area are we talking
about? What can you describe any? It's in
the mountains. It's um it's a very private
location near Nelson. Just near Nelson in
the mountains. Would there be a mountain
name you could name? It's near I think it
I'm not sure the mountain name. I know that
there's a um a logging compound nearby and
there's an old um access route near the logging
compound that actually takes you to the base in
the mountain and Nelson's a very small town. Um
again the above ground um section of it was a
aircraft hanger and um when we were first brought
there as bait is is it a is it got a runway and
landing place or um it's fenced off high fences
and um it has yeah it has a runway in front of
the aircraft hanger if you come in but the um the
aircraft hanger sits or fenced around the runways
here and the aircraft hangers here. Yeah, it's
quite a big building. Um but as babies we were
um we slept in the aircraft hanger often
because um it was essentially a trauma
center. So they wanted us to be exposed to the
cold and there was um sets of cops in there. So
this is high up maybe a couple of thousand feet
up high over the Rocky Mountain. Very high. Um
it's near B National Park right where um so they
we were kind of being exposed to the elements
essentially. We slept there um in the aircraft
hang with the doors open and there was rows of
cops and we were under 24-hour armed guard all
at all times. So we couldn't be rescued from
that facility because there were factions there
that would rescue us at the first opportunity.
The people that like the parents or or the
well special forces groups um people that
guarded us were they wore um they wore black
uniforms. um some and they wore black masks,
but sometimes they wore the um ultramodern SS
uniform, which it's um it's kind of like your
standard SAS Black Ops uniform. um black boots,
black trousers, black top, but the um it has chest
plates and there's leather around the arms and it
has the um SS double rune on the double. Yeah. The
the SS symbol and um so that's a modern uniform.
When you're saying a modern uniform, you're
talking about post World War II. Yeah. This is the
the the modern SS uniform. So getting back to this
SS uniform, I think what era are we talking about?
'7s. This was 1976 and we were first taken there
as babies. So that means that the that's the SS
wearing those uniforms in Canada. So they must
have authority to do so. um there was some kind of
internal war going on in the military and in the
intelligence community. So is this this is um are
you saying this is therefore a Nazi organization
that's that's doing this? Um yeah. Yeah. So by by
inference it means that the connections with AL499
and the other places in the UK must be essentially
under Nazi control or is that NSA control? Well,
this is it. You see, there's a big Nazi element
within the NSA because this was a officially an
NSA facility, the Q552 at Nelson. This was a NSA
base officially the Q552 facility at Nelson. Now,
um, there's a there's a major Nazi element within
the NSA. So, that essentially is saying that the
NSA is a Nazi organization and a survivor
organization from World War II. Um, yeah,
I'd say that's a fairly accurate statement. So, de
facto World War II was won by the by the Nazis. I
wouldn't say they won, but I wouldn't say they
lost either. It survived. Survived. Yeah. In
an underground fashion. If the NSA is essentially
protecting the Nazis or the Nazis are running the
NSA. Yeah. Is is that what you're you're saying?
Um I'd say that the Nazis faction is running MI6.
Um just to go off topic slightly before I carry
on about what happened at the AL um Q552. Um,
my main contact in MI6, um, he's a director of
special operations, a man named Alfred Bonner. Um,
is this your current contact or was your
contact? He's been my contact for years
and he's my current contact. I've carried out
many assassinations under his instructions. Um,
so you're saying this publicly? Is this um he's
not he's not publicly known but people can contact
MI6 and ask to speak to director Bonner you can
contact MI6 on the website the phone number and
MI6 will admit they do have a director Bonner
there so what is the function of of telling
us about this now is are they inviting people
to to ask those questions or do they want that
information out they want this information out
they want this information out um Alfred Bonner
he's from Bavaria. Um German effectively. He's um
he you see him very interesting looking man. Um
you your classic Aryan giant. The guy's 6'6. Um
looks about 52 huge guy. Skinner box. A Skinner
box is um famous psychiatrist Skinner. I forget
his first name. Um he would he designed this box
and he they put babies in it and they put animals
in with the babies and they were doing cognitive
behavior test. See, now the babies would react to
the animals and um they would in this partic this
this particular device um they put us in there and
they set up screens in the corners of the pen and
uh people's the people's faces would be put on
the screens um enlarged and uh the faces would
call us and get our attention. We'd look and the
faces would start talking to us people and then
uh the faces would look like they were um changing
into uh half human, half whatever the animal
was. So if it was a snake, if they were putting
snakes in the pen, this the person talking would
um start talking to us and then his face would
change into half human, half snake lizard and
um they George Bush senior was the main um handler
of that particular Phil facility and um his face
would often come on the screen and talk to us and
he would do the very much the rep the reptile with
the snakes. That would be his area. Was that
something that was done on a recorded type
of a level or was it he did it personally? He was
on the screen. I'm not sure if he was that he was
there sometimes physically but I mean the guy
travels all around the world to all different
bases. He's a major programmer so I don't know he
could have been over the other side of the world.
Um and he would come on and um Did this something
you experienced directly? This Yeah, I I saw him.
He used to talk to us, talk to me. And um And what
age were you when this happened? I was this was
76. I was a baby. Yeah. And this, you know, this
carried on. I spent from 76 to 79 there and grew
up there. Um the uh Queen Mother as well, she was
a programmer there. She would um her face would
be flashed on the screen, but her specialtity was
wolves. Whenever they put the walls in with us,
um she would come on and she'd talk to us and
um she would start to change into halfwoman,
half wolf like face on the screen. Was this done
by some kind of electronic video effect or I don't
know. I don't know. Um, can you name any other
animals associated with different other people?
Um, the only ones I remember is um George
Brcina with snakes and the queen mother with
um wolves. It's the place was very dark. I'm still
starting to It's difficult to remember everything
that happened there. Still coming back in bits and
pieces. Um, I remember being put in the pen and
um toy the group of babies and um there were toys
put in and um one of the babies um took a toy off
another baby and the um the little baby turned
around and hissed at the other child like a snake
and his face sort of went like a snake. So we this
was absorbed into them psychologically or Yeah.
into their psyche. Yeah. And with the DNA anyway
that an anarchy DNA that the NSA were looking for.
[Music] In part one, we heard how Michael
Prince is the birth name for James Casbolt
and how he was taken to a base in Canada near
the small mountain town of Nelson in British
Columbia for cyborg enhancement as mind control
children selected by their specific blood types
on how they were exposed to the open cold
night in a large aircraft style hanger to
sort out the men from the boys just as in ancient
Sparta then guarded by Nazi SS troops. in modern
type uniforms in the late 1970s. Michael sent this
scan of one of his security clearances. However,
in earlier images he sent claiming to be at
the Dulce base, this could be anywhere. So,
if anyone really knows what these forms refer
to, please contact me at blue yonder.co.uk.
What age were you when this happened? I was
a this was 76. I was a baby. Yeah. And this,
you know, this carried on. I spent 76 to 79 there.
and grew up there. Um the uh queen mother as well,
she was a programmer there. She would um
her face would be flashed on the screen,
but her specialtity was wolves.
Whenever they put the walls in with us,
um, she would come on and she'd talk
to us and, um, she would start to